I see myself as an intelligent, sensitive human, with the soul of a clown which forces me to blow it at the most important moments. Jim Morrison The Most Important, Which I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician. Charlie Chaplin Plane, Higher Plane, Remain Dare to wear the foolish clown face. Frank Sinatra Face, Wear, Foolish Clowning is a trick to get love close. I can hug 99 percent of people in the first second of contact if I'm in my clown character. The clown assumes your humanity. It assumes that, whatever trauma you've had, you can still love yourself. Patch Adams Love, Assumes, Had People who know me, they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy. Gary Oldman Love, Sense Of Humor, Side If by chance some day you're not feeling well and you should remember some silly thing I've said or done and it brings back a smile to your face or a chuckle to your heart, then my purpose as your clown has been fulfilled. Red Skelton Purpose, Some, Been I'm not this callous clown walking around laughing at life all the time. I've had some serious, serious problems in my life. But I've come out with a smile. John Lydon My Life, Some, Had I know what I look like - a weird, sad clown puppet. I'm fine with that. Rainn Wilson Weird, Like, Puppet The role of a clown and a physician are the same - it's to elevate the possible and to relieve suffering. Patch Adams Suffering, Same, Role I grew up as a very sarcastic person. I was always the class clown, and to date girls, I had to be really funny. I was really skinny growing up. I was so thin, I had to run around in the shower to get wet. That kind of thin. So I always had to rely on humor and sarcasm. Kurt Fuller Shower, Very, Date But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. Carl Sagan Fact, Some, Imply I was never a class clown or anything like that, but I do remember being in the first grade and my teacher, Mr. Chad, told the class one day that we were going to do some exercises. He meant math exercises, but I stood up and started doing jumping jacks. To this day, I don't know what possessed me to do that, but all my friends cracked up. Will Ferrell Doing, Jumping, Some Dwight is a sad clown. You've seen those paintings of sad clown. Rainn Wilson Sad, You, Paintings I'm a real paradox. Because I'm a very serious person, and I take my work very seriously. But I wrap it up in a court jester and a clown and make people laugh and make them feel good about themselves. Richard Simmons Feel, About, Very I've always been misrepresented. You know, I could dress in a clown costume and laugh with the happy people but they'd still say I'm a dark personality. Tim Burton Dress, Always, Been People speak of the fear of the blank canvas as though it is a temporary hesitation, a trembling moment of self-doubt. For me it was more like being abducted from my bed by a clown, thrust into a circus arena with a wicker chair, and told to tame a pissed-off lion in front of an expectant crowd. Hannah Kent Temporary, Bed, Blank I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car. Steven Wright Friends, Had, Died I'm a clown, which could be a public health role. I'm really interested in moving our society away from a society needing Xanax and Prozac, and that is really feeling depressed, to one that is celebrating, and so I find just walking around in colorful clothes, people smile. Patch Adams Role, Away, Needing I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments. Jim Morrison Think, Always, Which What's odd about the selfie stick is that while it might faintly improve the photo you'll post on Facebook, it definitely makes you seem like a shallow, awful clown to any bystanders in the humdrum physical space you're posing in. Charlie Brooker About, Awful, While Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown. Fanny Brice Want, Entitled, Awful Lot A cupcake is just a muffin with clown puke topping. Charlie Brooker Just, Muffin, Puke I'm funny. I'm a comedian. I'm not a clown. Bernie Mac Funny, Comedian I guess I was the class clown - with a name like Albert Einstein, you don't hide in the back. I'd read the school bulletin to the class, and I'd add activities and make stuff up. It was good, a good 10 minutes every morning. Albert Brooks Good, Back, Class Clown My career actually started in the second grade as class clown. That's no joke. I was always making people laugh, and it was really to mask a learning disability... When it came time for me to read out loud, I would crack jokes or create a diversion. Ian Ziering Learning, Disability, Career I think we all have the urge to be a clown, whether we know it or not. Ernest Borgnine Think, I Think, Whether Making eye contact with adults while dressed as a clown is risky. Douglas Coupland Eye, Eye Contact, Making All the world loves a clown. Cole Porter World, All The World, Loves I want to be silly, and that's being authentic just as much as being open and honest. It's authentic to make weird clown horn noises when it strikes you. Tig Notaro Silly, Want, Being A clown's makeup and character, that's all he has to sell. He loves and believes in that character. Emmett Kelly Character, Makeup, Believes No one knows Anne's better side, and that's why most people can't stand me. Oh, I can be an amusing clown for an afternoon, but after that, everyone's had enough of me to last a month. Anne Frank Why, Anne, Had I created 'Captain Underpants' when I was in the second grade. I was constantly getting in trouble for being the class clown, so my teacher sent me out into the hallway to punish me. It was there in the hall that I began drawing 'Captain Underpants'. Soon I was making my own comic books about him. Dav Pilkey Class Clown, Comic Books 'This guy's a clown! He's just all talk!' I've heard that many times in my career. And then they're sleeping in the middle of the octagon. Conor McGregor Career, Middle, Guy I was a class clown. At 12, I was definitely clowning. I was making all the jokes. But I was smart, so the teachers didn't know what to do with me. J. Cole Smart, Making, Class Clown If people are a little nervous about approaching you at the market, it's good. I'm not Chuckles The Clown. Or Bozo. I don't cut the ribbon at the opening of markets. I don't stand next to the mayor. Hit your baseball into my yard, and you'll never see it again. Tom Waits Next, Cut, Yard I'm a tearless clown. If I were to get a tattoo, it would be the two masks, and they would be both smiling. Andy Samberg Smiling, Two, Masks You know, I was the class clown in Catholic school, but I never thought I would make a living out of it! Sofia Vergara Living, Catholic School I was a class clown since second grade. Eric Andre Class, Class Clown, Grade I became a clown when these docs came to the house in Berkeley and asked me to come cheer up kids. I'd just had my third spinal fusion and I was looking for something to take my mind off the pain I was in. Wavy Gravy House, Became, Had I've said this before, that, when you're in school and you're the class clown, men are really good at making fun at other people and women are really good at making fun of themselves. Amy Poehler Other, Making, Before You never have a comedian who hasn't got a very deep strain of sadness within him or her. Every great clown has been very near to tragedy. Margaret Rutherford Deep, Very, Strain I was like the class clown in school so I guess I would say I did like the attention. In church I did a lot of plays, my mother made me play characters, do a lot of drama and acting, trying to become someone else. So it helped me create who I am, to create Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg Play, Church, Class Clown I'm one of the more pessimistic cats on the planet. I make Van Gogh look like a rodeo clown. Dennis Miller Like, Van, Van Gogh It's odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. You'll have a nice time, then two years later you'll be like, 'There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?' David Sedaris Birthday, Your, Two By far the best dressing up outfit I ever had was a wonderful pair of clown dungarees, which my Granny made. Kate Middleton Best, Made, Which I saw someone the other day with yellow on their eyelids, and it looked so fresh. But I thought if I did that I'd look like a clown. So I went and I bought some yellow eye shadow from M.A.C. and I noticed that when you mix it with water it works better. So I tried it, and I looked like Big Bird. I will never do that again. Kelly Rowland Other, Some, Big George Carlin's album, 'Class Clown,' came out when I was in high school. I memorized a lot of that album. I'd come home from school, put it on, and listen over and over. I started memorizing it. I don't even know why. I loved it so much I memorized it. Steven Wright Why, Class Clown, Carlin I signed on as the clown, and, by golly, I'll keep up my end of the bargain. Chris Farley End, Keep, Signed I am an official slow-roasted, honey-baked ham. Ever since I was a kid, my thing is that I love attention. All my report cards are like, 'He would be wonderful, but he just can't stop being a clown in class.' Terry Crews Love, Kid, Cards I was the class podiatrist. I never made it to class clown. I wasn't funny enough. I would examine feet and prescribe and ointment. It was a sad childhood. Gilbert Gottfried Childhood, Feet, Examine There was a time I was willing to be a clown for people who I felt were the perfect person for me. Paul Dini Perfect, Willing, Were Only comedians can talk about death, life, God and Virgin Mary. If I was a tragic actor, I couldn't allow myself. But with this accent I can do it. I can talk with death in person because I am a clown. Yes. And I am proud to be a clown - very much. Roberto Benigni Death, Very, Allow I remember in the circus learning that the clown was the prince, the high prince. I always thought that the high prince was the lion or the magician, but the clown is the most important. Roberto Benigni Thought, Always, I Remember Donald Trump, an oft-bankrupt make-believe mogul clown with a television show where he pretends to fire America's saddest former celebrities, is one of the Republican Party's most prominent national figures because he is on TV and people have heard of him. Alex Pareene Donald, Trump, TV I was always a class clown, so I never had trouble fitting in; I just had trouble finding out where I really wanted to be. Logan Henderson Always, Class Clown, Had I'm an actor, not a clown. Gene Wilder Actor 'We really shouldn't look like a church.' I've heard that so much I want to vomit. 'Why?' I ask. 'Do you want your bank to look like a bank? Do you want your doctor's office to look like a doctor's office, or would you prefer your doctor to dress like a clown?' Charles R. Swindoll Dress, Like, Prefer The drummer in my first band was killed in Vietnam. He kind of signed up and joined the marines. Bart Hanes was his name. He was one of those guys that was jokin' all the time, always playin' the clown. Bruce Springsteen Band, Up, His I was a big shot in high school - big into social events and at the dramatic society - and I always had trouble in school. Not because I was a dummy, but I was always busy being the Jackson Heights clown. Don Rickles Always, Social, Big I was always the class clown; I made my family laugh, and that was when I was always happiest. I grew up listening to stand-up comedians' albums and watching them on TV, on 'The Tonight Show' and Letterman. Sarah Silverman Listening, Always, Tonight That straight man character is a short trip between comedy and drama in a project, so I can play the comedic beat on the same page as a dramatic beat. It gives me a lot of freedom as an actor to play scenes in multiple ways because I don't play the clown, nor do I play someone who is particularly maudlin. Jason Bateman Play, Project, Straight Man I don't care about how I look; I'm dedicated to the laughs. You know, I used to be a clown, so - my name was Smoothie the Clown. All the training I had, all my training is geared toward making people laugh, and I didn't care about being cool. Bernie Mac Training, About, Had I'm a natural clown, I suppose, in writing, and one has to accept that; I can't do anything about it. I have written one or two novels which are not specifically funny. I wrote a study of Shakespeare which was not intended to be funny, but some people regard it as such. Anthony Burgess Study, About, Some The Joker is a tremendous vehicle for talented actors. Cesar Romero's was a bubbly, lunatic criminal. Nicholson did him as a vain, preening manipulator. Heath's performance of the Joker was remarkable, too. His was a low-simmering crazy street clown. Joker can be played all these ways, and they're all true. Paul Dini Him, Tremendous, Vehicle I took a clown class at NYU - that's where I met June Diane Raphael, my writing partner and best friend. Casey Wilson Took, Diane, Raphael The Ricky that the public see, whether it be on screen as a character, in public, or on social media, is very outgoing, and I'm a bit of a class clown. Then those who are closest to me know that I can be very sensitive. I can be quite insecure about myself. Ricky Whittle Very, Outgoing, Class Clown I really wasn't a class clown. Kevin James Class, Class Clown, Really I'm the youngest of four, and I'm always the clown - making the jokes, wanting attention. Rose Byrne Always, Making, Wanting I know theater can improve the quality of people's lives, and I know theater can heal. I've worked as a doctor clown in a hospital for two years. I have seen sick kids and sad parents and doctors be lifted and transported in moments of pure joy. I know theater unites us. Natasha Tsakos Sick, Pure, Pure Joy My friends always said that I should be a comedienne - I was named my class clown. Sally Kellerman Always, Class Clown, Named In order to crash the party and be a clown with your own skit, you had to be there for quite a while. David Strathairn Own, Quite, Skit I was always the class clown and got kicked out of class at least once a day for just being a goofball. Not suspended or anything, just sit outside and look at the tree on the bench. I got benched a lot. You keep one foot on the bench and try to get as far away as possible. Damon Wayans, Jr. Away, Class Clown, Least I've done everything from cater, wait tables, pre-school teacher, painting, to being Cinderella, Elmo, a clown, nanny, selling hair... I would do kid's parties and entertain and do magic and paint faces and balloon animals. The highlight of my life. Diora Baird My Life, Magic, Entertain I took a couple of classes in clowning, but that was more like Lucille Ball kind of slapstick, not Ringling Brothers. But we had to do things silently, and the teacher would do this running commentary. 'Does this make Clown sad? Oh, Clown doesn't like that, does Clown?' Always 'Clown.' Never a name. June Diane Raphael Brothers, Couple, Classes People are always saying that I must have been the class clown, with all these voices. No, I was way too shy to be the class clown; I was a class clown's writer. Tom Kenny Always, Shy, Been The stand up, everything was accidental. I never grew up and was the class clown and had to get the attention. It was - it really is, I have a career despite myself. Ellen DeGeneres Myself, Career, Class Clown You never really meet a human being until you live with them or know them for awhile, so this is my clown and they understand that and so these interviews don't bother them. Shia LaBeouf Human Being, Bother, Them It's my job to be the Pierrot, the clown, in the theatrical sense. Marilyn Manson Job, Sense, Theatrical I used to be the class clown. I was the funny kid. That's why it was so hard for people to understand that I rap, because for a long time, they didn't take me seriously for who I was. By, like, eighth grade, I was really rapping. Chance The Rapper Why, Kid, Class Clown I just love making a fool out of myself. I made my living as a clown at kids' parties for about three years. Hugh Jackman Love, Living, Making I grew up in the Bronx where you would stay up late with your girlfriends, just being silly in our bedrooms, whatever. And I was always the clown. Jennifer Lopez Women, Silly, Always I was always the kid in school who tried to get attention, not necessarily the class clown, but I'd do little unexpected performances. Leonardo DiCaprio Unexpected, Kid, Always My school was really small, but I was called the Class Clown! Serena Williams School, Small, Class Clown My way is the sensitive, emotional way, because that's who I am. I try to be the clown and court jester and make people laugh. At the same time, you have people in the hospital who have had gastric bypass or lap-band surgery, and they still have to work out. If you don't work out and eat healthy, you'll look like a melted candle. Richard Simmons Gastric, Had, Out I used to love being the class clown. I loved to make jokes and make people laugh. There was a set of students who would find it funny. But the cool students were like, 'Eeew!' Issa Rae Love, Like, Set I wasn't the class clown. I wasn't that obvious. There would be a circle of guys, and they're watching the class clown. And I'm standing in the back, and I turn to the guy next to me and I say something funny to him, and he starts to laugh. And the guy next to him says, 'What did he say?' Bob Newhart Back, Next, Class Clown I was a timid little guy when I was a kid. I used humor as a defense; I became the class clown. But deep inside, I felt real vulnerable. Mike Huckabee Deep, Class Clown, Became I was the class clown in high school, but I always took it too far, so nobody liked me. I was annoying. Like, I would get a laugh and then keep going and keep going. Pete Davidson Always, Like, Took Sure, I could of done it different... put my clown in a closet and dressed up in straight clothing. I could of compromised my essence, and swallowed my soul. Wavy Gravy Could, Essence, Sure A clown I knew who was retiring from Ringling Brothers gave me his giant shoes, and somebody else made me a clown suit. Wavy Gravy Brothers, Made, Knew I'm the smart aleck. The class clown. I'm the guy who does the song nobody expects. Brad Paisley Song, Does, Class Clown Let me ask you: Who do you prefer, a clown organizing your menu - with all due respect to Mr. McDonald - or a chef? I do believe it's a very simple answer. Jose Andres Very, Mr, Prefer It wouldn't be right for me to clown around when I'm painting a president. Norman Rockwell Painting, Me, Right I actually wasn't really the class clown growing up. The class clown was always the mean guy who walked up and was like, 'You're fat. You're gay. I'm outta here!' I was always more kind of awkward and introspective. Mike Birbiglia Here, Guy, Class Clown I was the class clown, you know, that kind of thing, and I gathered around me a group of guys who also were silly. I was in all the plays and everything. But I don't know, at that time show businesses looked like the moon, you know, it was so far away. I wanted to be a radio announcer. Dick Van Dyke Away, Announcer, Class Clown I get all dressed up in fuchsia, looking like a clown, and show pretty pictures to people. Alexandra Stoddard Pretty, Like, Show 'Poltergeist' was really the film that really scarred but fascinated me with puppets and dolls, clowns, and stuff like that. I've always been afraid of clowns, and then my fear of puppets came around, and 'Poltergeist' was the perfect combination to scare me with a clown doll. James Wan Puppets, Clowns, Been 'Poltergeist' was the film that scarred me for life. I saw it at such a young age - 5 or 6 years old - and it has one of the creepiest doll sequences with the clown, and ever since then, I've just been fascinated by dolls. James Wan Young, Been, Fascinated I've never been naturally fashion conscious. I'm the kind of person who sees a whole outfit in a magazine, runs out and buys it but looks like a clown. Brooke Shields Like, Been, Buys I was always the class clown, and I think I gravitated toward performing for the attention I didn't always think I was getting at home. Chrissy Metz Think, Always, I Think I'd never want to be Gene Simmons, an old man who puts on makeup to entertain kids, like a clown going to work. Trent Reznor Makeup, Entertain, Gene I'm a student of comedy in general, so I've always loved Billy Crystal. But I'm a different type of showman. I'm a clown and a jester. T. J. Miller Always, Different Type I am preppy, geek-chic with a touch of Bozo the Clown with a touch of 'Showgirls.' Sometimes, I look at myself and think I should put on a red nose, white face and maybe entertain some kids. Brad Goreski Think, Nose, Entertain The thing I gravitated to was being the class clown. It was very competitive. John Leguizamo Very, Class Clown 'Glee' is very easy to clown because I feel like it's just crumbling. 'Smash!' 'Smash' is the ultimate. I love it because I'm all about theater. I did plays in high school and college, and it totally brings me back to that feeling: how excited you get on opening night, how it sucks when you're not learning the dance moves. Retta Love, College, Very I was the class clown at school, but at home, my family wasn't very funny. Carrot Top School, Very, Class Clown Honestly, I never really thought I'd be a comedian. But I did take an aptitude test in seventh grade - and this is 100 percent true - I took an aptitude test in seventh grade, and it said in my best profession was a clown or a mime. Michelle Wolf Profession, Took, Honestly I get bored with the constant probing for the cliched tears of the clown, the dark side of the comic. Chris Lilley Constant, Side, Probing I was a terrible painter - my portraits looked like the evil chimera love-children of Picasso's demoiselles and the BBC test card clown. Sarah Hall Test, BBC, Looked Comedy is obviously a matter of personal taste and the world always needs a clown and some people have no taste at all and any clown will do. Marc Maron Always, Needs, Some David Letterman used to say, 'I wasn't the class clown, but I wrote for him,' and that's exactly it. You want to be known to be funny without having it pointed out. Michael Keaton Having, Wrote, Class Clown I thought I wanted to be a clown, because what would be better than making people laugh? Andy Grammer Better, Thought, Making I went to drama school, where you learn to clown around a bit. You're walking around in leotards every day for three years, and you're taught clowning and mask work. Michaela Coel Work, Learn, Every Day At this point, if I were to psychoanalyze myself, I'd have to say I am a clown, cleverly disguised as a regular person. Tim Duncan Myself, Say, Am I am not a sad clown. I am not a sad clown. Nathan Lane Sad, I Am, Am They think I'm being serious when actually I'm a very big clown. But you have to know me to see that. I'm constantly cracking up and cracking everybody else around me up. Lenny Kravitz Think, Very, Big I have really big features, so a little makeup goes a long way. I would hate to look like a clown. Emily Ratajkowski Makeup, Like, Big I went from being the shy weirdo to the class clown in a couple of years. Thomas Middleditch Shy, Weirdo, Couple I was a class clown. Robert Klein Class, Class Clown My son has been a class clown and it sort of ran in the family. Robert Klein Son, Been, Class Clown I was a class clown. My father was a class clown. My son has been a class clown, and it sort of ran in the family. Robert Klein Son, Been, Class Clown It's really easy with makeup to look like you're trying too hard, like a clown. That's not what you want! Becky G Makeup, Want, Like Making my class laugh and getting in trouble. I was the class clown. R. L. Stine Making, Getting, Class Clown I'm fascinated by the whole clown phobia thing because I personally don't have it. Ryan Murphy Whole, Personally Not only was I an 'X Factor' winner that got dropped by Syco - and when that happens, you're never heard of again - but everyone thought I was a clown. James Arthur Thought, Everyone, X Factor At school, I was the classroom clown - I was always being thrown out for being naughty. Before I left, a teacher called me in and suggested I became an actor. David Harewood Always, Before, Became I was always the classroom clown, and the teachers allowed me a certain latitude. The assemblies were good, and the headmaster used to tell little stories; I loved the idea of communal storytelling. David Harewood Storytelling, Always Putting is so difficult, so universally vexing, that the best the pros can do is tell us how to miss. 'Miss it on the pro side,' they say, meaning miss it above the hole. I can't even do that consistently. I miss it on the pro side. I miss it on the amateur side. I miss it on both sides of the clown's mouth. Steve Rushin Both Sides, Tell, Putting If you own face paint and a bulb horn and you're not a circus clown, you might be uncool. Steve Rushin Face, Might, Horn Cindy Sheehan is a clown. There is no real antiwar movement. No serious politician, with anything to do with anything, would show his face at an antiwar rally. Karl Rove Politician, Show, Antiwar I was certainly not a class clown; I confused and angered a lot of people with my sense of humor. Katherine Ryan Sense Of Humor, Certainly Sometimes evil is in the form of a malignant clown, and sometimes evil is in the form of policy and legislators, and sometimes it's a grinning death mask and it has something more viscerally terrifying about it. Karyn Kusama Death, More, Terrifying The difference between me and them is that I'll look at Jesse Jackson and I'll see four Jesse Jacksons, and they'll just see one, the clown ambulance chaser. Chris Matthews Look, Them, Ambulance I am pleased to say that as I get older, I get less and less like the sitcom 'Miranda.' She is really a clown character, a heightened version of the 20-something me. Miranda Hart Say, Like, Less My father passed away when I was 12, so it was very difficult. But I was always the class clown. I don't know why - maybe as an escape. But then I was sent away to military prep school. Fred Willard Always, Away, Very We always talked about the sequel to 'Clown' being called 'Clowns,' like an 'Alien'/'Aliens' sorta thing, where you have multiple clowns. And just really make it, in the way that 'Aliens' was an action movie, do the same thing. Action-horror. That would be great. Jon Watts Clowns, Movie, Same Thing 'Clown' started as a fake trailer for a nonexistent movie. Jon Watts Trailer, Movie, Started I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person-as the people in this room will attest. Janeane Garofalo Will, Been, Considered I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person. Janeane Garofalo Been, Considered, Happened I was shy. I was painfully shy, until fifth grade when I transferred to another school and befriended the class clown. And one day he was sick and I kinda stepped in for the class clown and I said, 'Wow, this is exciting, I'm a little bit nervous.' Nathan Fillion Shy, Another, Transferred I was never the class clown or put on shows at home. I never thought of acting as something I could do with my life. When I was a kid, I used to run around wrapped in toilet paper so I could be the Mummy. But that wasn't a sign that I was dreaming of being an actor. I was just an odd child. Paul Giamatti My Life, Thought, Kid Without strenuous preplanning, road food is almost always bad food, sad food, chain food, clown food. Jonathan Miles Always, Chain, Food Chain If I wasn't an actor and I watched my films, I could easily be like 'This guy's a clown,' you know? Seann William Scott Like, Could, Films The contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders offered such a bright and bracing contrast to all those professional wrestlers emerging from the RNC's clown car. Rebecca Traister Bright, Contest, Clinton I was the hallway clown in high school. J. B. Smoove School, Hallway, High My friends and I were the class clowns in high school, so one day we were showing off at our seats, and I fell off my chair! I had to get stitches, and I had a bloody lip. I was trying so hard to be a cool class clown! Prince Royce One Day, Clowns, Class Clown Back then I was called Dumbo because of my ears. I was called Fatty, too. It was hurtful so I became like the class clown. I became the one who was kicked around. Britt Ekland Like, Hurtful, Became One of the things I'm proudest of is, on my record 'That Was the Year that Was' in 1965, I made a joke about spending $20 billion sending some clown to the moon. I was against the manned space program then, and I'm even more against it now, that whole waste of money. Tom Lehrer Some, One Of The Things What I loved about wrestling was just being foolish, so I studied clown. I studied clown. I studied the art of clown. I actually did my thesis on clown. Becky Lynch Art, About, Studied I'm not quiet, nor am I the class clown. I pick my moments. Thomas Gibson Moments, Pick, Nor Actually, I was the seventh private explorer but the first Canadian 'space clown.' I never dreamed of going into space; I just dreamed of traveling. But I admit that space is an incredible destination and the absolute traveling experience. Guy Laliberte Going, Private, Canadian I was the class clown so I was used to performing and fooling around in front of my friends. Dominic Monaghan Class Clown, Performing Some directors are really strong on action, manhandling you around the set; others are very focused on setting up the camera shots and practically ignore you. You have to get used to introverts, extroverts, directors who clown around for the crew, and the odd one who's monosyllabic. Gina Bellman Strong, Some, Very My mom used to play a lot of super character-y parts... so I was sort of raised to be a clown. Betty Gilpin Mom, Play, Raised I was just a quiet kid, really. I wasn't the class clown at all. Greg Kinnear Quiet, Kid, Class Clown I've always been a clown trapped in a leading man's body. James Van Der Beek Always, Trapped, Been I was like the family clown. The middle child entertaining. I was a lousy student, but interestingly, the nuns always let me write plays or do drawings, endless special projects. Eileen Myles Always, Middle, Plays I used to do stuff at college. I could do voices. I could make some people laugh. I wasn't the class clown, but I knew I had this skill. Steve Coogan College, Some, Could To my family and friends, I'm very definitely a clown. But do you know what? Doing a drama would almost seem easy because I wouldn't need to find that gag in a line. Ashley Jensen Doing, Very, Almost I was a class clown. Colin Quinn Class, Class Clown I had no interest in sports so I didn't make friends in that traditional way where kids are in public school and they go and they join clubs, and play sports. So I kind of had to find my own way to make friends and get attention and so I just was the class clown. Zach Braff Play, Own, Traditional Way I think I was always a class clown growing up and a funny kid. I never really knew how to channel that until I got into high school. Lauren Lapkus Think, Always, I Think The last time I went to a festival without a hat, two things happened. One: I got sunstroke. Secondly, I had to buy what can only be described as a Jamiroquai hat, which was sartorially incorrect - I'm saying that as a Jamiroquai fan. That was a disaster. I looked like a small clown. Jamie Cullum Small, Buy, Had I was never the class clown or anything like that. When I was growing up and doing theatre in Seattle I was always doing very dramatic work. Now I can't get a dramatic role to save my life! Anna Faris My Life, Doing, Very I have a penchant for playing God's clowns. Actually, I played Nijinsky once, and he used to call himself God's clown. Stephen Lang Used, Clowns, Played I was always a bit of a class clown. Paula Pell Always, Class Clown, Bit I was a class clown, but I'm not a bully. Kevin Dillon Bully, Class, Class Clown When I was a kid, I wanted to be a clown. I didn't want to be an actor, I wanted to join the circus and entertain people. Eric Stonestreet Kid, Want, Entertain It seems so absurd to get really mad with a cartoonist over a comic strip. It's sort of like getting in a fight with a circus clown outside your house. It's not going to end well. Stephan Pastis Going, Like, Over I like to be at a party and be a quiet observer, be in conversation. I wouldn't say I was a class clown growing up, but I would definitely sit back in class and take snipes at the teacher. Eric Stonestreet Back, Like, Class Clown I'm very self-conscious having my picture taken, so I clown around. My driver's license photo looks like a blonde Elvis. Emily Procter Very, Having, Self-Conscious A scientist worthy of a lab coat should be able to make original discoveries while wearing a clown suit, or give a lecture in a high squeaky voice from inhaling helium. It is written nowhere in the math of probability theory that one may have no fun. Eliezer Yudkowsky Voice, Worthy, Scientist As a child, I was hyper, I was a clown and I was sensitive. Today I'm all of the above, except I've refrained from bouncing off the walls. Nadine Velazquez Sensitive, Off, Bouncing I was never the class clown, and I've no idea where the comedy came from. Jasper Carrott Comedy, Idea, Never I don't feel any need to play the role of the clown. In my private life I take a break from humor. Gad Elmaleh Play, Role, Private I think I was born to be a clown. I just haven't figured out how to bring that side of myself into the world of filmmaking. It's much more comfortable for me to cry on a film set than it is to tell a joke. Lucas Hedges Tell, I Think, Bring The hardest thing for me is not to keep laughing. Jennifer particularly is like a clown. Victor Garber Hardest Thing, Jennifer As a kid I was always a bit of a clown, a performer. Simon Baker Kid, Always, Performer I was named Class Clown in the high school yearbook, so I was always turning to comedy and laughter to heal and to get me through things. Guillermo Diaz Always, Through, Named I'm training to become a giggle doctor. It's a kind of hospital clown who changes the atmosphere on the ward and helps recovery. It's about making patients laugh but also much more. Nina Conti Atmosphere, Making, Giggle Sometimes you don't want to be a slapstick clown in order to convey a funny perception of the world. Tina Weymouth World, Sometimes, Want I loved performing; I was always trying to impress my siblings by being a clown. I think that came from being the runt of the litter. Rose Byrne Think, Always, I Think I often do very serious roles, but really I am a big clown. Rose Byrne I Am, Very, Big 'I, Malvolio' is a very, very funny show, a clown show, but there is Beckettian darkness in the character. Some real darkness, some right close to the edge of despair moments. Tim Crouch Some, Very, Show I got through my teen years by being a bit of a clown. Diane Cilento Teen, Through, Teen Years Dick Van Dyke was my first idol. He's an amazing physical comedian, like a classic clown, but also very smart and not afraid to show vulnerability. Douglas Wood Very, Van, Dyke I'm not sure how a world leader reacts to the work of a clown. Darrell Hammond Leader, How, Sure I'm never scared, so I don't watch horror movies. Back in the day, I was. I was scared of 'It' - you know, the one with the clown. That's the thing I found scariest in my life, but since then, not really - I don't watch them. Ashley Thomas Life, My Life, Back I'm not afraid to get my hands dirty. I've done it all. I've worked as a clown, literally, at children's parties. Jussie Smollett Hands, Dirty, Literally In school I was always being cast as the clown. And then I did 'The Exorcism of Emily Rose,' and once people hear you scream, they can't un-hear it. But I don't mean to say that I've been typecast, either. Jennifer Carpenter Scream, Been, Emily In 2008, Milton Sheppard opened the Waiter Training School in the Bronx, N.Y., charging $175 for courses, but the business soon ran out of money. He now operates a clown college in the same space. David Sax Business, College, Courses I suppose that I'm fairly comfortable with the clown hat on. Nick Rhodes Hat, Comfortable, Fairly For bipolar in adults, I think there's pretty good agreement about what this looks like. For bipolar in children, there is some considerable debate about where are the boundaries. At the mild end, are these just kids who are active? Is this the class clown at the very severe - is this something other than a mood disorder? Thomas R. Insel Other, Some, Very We used to have a photo of me in full clown makeup taken when my son was 5. And when he was 17 or 18, he said, 'Yeah, that thing used to scare me. I hated that photo.' So it is scary; clowning is scary to people. Bill Irwin Makeup, Photo, Scare I used to be called a post-modern clown. But now, post-modernism is a quaint notion, too. Bill Irwin Too, Quaint, Notion Here's my story: My mother and I were at Cirque du Soleil, looking down on Shiner doing his act. She was always tolerant of my being a clown, but I don't remember her rolling with laughter. But with Shiner, she could not sit up straight! Bill Irwin Doing, Here, Tolerant I was actually pretty shy in school. My defense mechanism was to be the class clown. I remember getting into a lot of trouble for being disruptive, and I was brought in front of the headteacher, who said: 'What's going to happen to you; what are you going to do when you grow up?' and I said: 'Well, I'm obviously going to be a comedian.' Adam Clayton Shy, I Remember, Brought I built a reputation as a songwriter in the industry before my own hits. People were used to coming to me for songs. There were songs like 'Clown' and 'Mountains' that were my songs that I wanted to keep. But the record labels saw me as a songwriter. It was hard to get people to believe in me as an artist. Emeli Sande Mountains, Artist, Before 'Clown' was written when I couldn't find anyone who believed in me as an artist. Maybe those labels will think twice next time a young songwriter comes along. Emeli Sande Artist, Think, Next I was finding it very difficult to find a label that understood what I wanted to do and really believed that people wanted to hear something honest and a little bit different. So, I did feel a bit like a clown. You're knocking on everyone's door trying to get them to believe what you're doing. Emeli Sande Door, Doing, Very I started performing in 1950 at the age of 16 when I joined the Burton Lester's Midgets as a performer. Shortly after, I became a DJ with Mecca Organization before joining Billy Smart's Circus as a clown and shadow Ringmaster. Kenny Baker Became, Joining, Billy I was always the class clown. Kel Mitchell Always, Class, Class Clown The Green Hornet was a human superhero. And he didn't wear a clown costume. And he was a criminal - in the eyes of the law - and in the eyes of the criminal world. Gavin O'Connor Green, Law, Superhero I loved being my father's audience and watching him in front of the mirror as he talked to himself made up like a clown. Claude Picasso Mirror, Audience, Like I made a living out of being a class clown. Shannon Hoon Living, Made, Class Clown I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown! Brooke Burns Red, Like, Would Even at Westchester High in West LA, I was class clown. Phil Hartman High, Even, La The arrival of a good clown exercises a more beneficial influence upon the health of a town than of twenty asses laden with drugs. Thomas Sydenham More, Town, Arrival My father was a promoter of Fresh Fest, and they needed an opening act. He got me a slot as a dancer. We tried it out the first time in Atlanta and the crowd went crazy. I was the opening clown. Jermaine Dupri Father, Crowd, Needed As a child, I was a clown. I didn't hesitate to make a fool of myself and I would love to completely take on wacky characters. Gemma Ward Love, Myself, Take I was probably the one who tattled on the class clown. To get in good with the teachers. Christine Lavin Teachers, Class Clown, Get I wasn't a class clown, I just found at an early age that I was able to make people laugh. So I mostly wrote funny stuff instead of writing what I was supposed to be writing. Alan Zweibel Wrote, Class Clown, Mostly It's kind of fun to be a clown. I've always played the clown. The clowns come on, get the biggest, juiciest laughs, and then leave. Roger Bart Kind, Always, Clowns I'm not very good in a classroom sort of setting. I never was. I was kind of a clown in high school - got suspended a lot. Bobby Cannavale Kind, Classroom, Very I would like to do comedy. I can be a bit of a Jim Carrey. I was always the class clown. Jacqueline MacInnes Wood Always, Like, Jim Carrey Most of my teachers didn't like me. I didn't get good grades because I pretty much lived at the public access studio. I tried to be the class clown, so I spent a lot of time in detention. Trevor Moore Access, Studio, Class Clown Every role is a potential lover. I ask: Are they someone I want to wake up to in the morning and go to bed with at night? Do they question my assumptions about life? Consume me to distraction? Make my cry, then clown to make me laugh again? If I say yes, then it's all I need. Aunjanue Ellis Bed, About, Role I was this kid who never sat down. Nobody liked me? Well, I'd make sure they'd like me. I was the class clown, always doing crazy stuff and causing riots. Bas Rutten Doing, Kid, Class Clown I had a fifth grade teacher who, as a very small way of trying to contain my class clown energy, gave me 10 minutes at the end of class every Friday to present whatever I wanted. A lot of the time, I did an Andy Rooney impression. I would sit at her desk, empty it, and just comment on what was in there. Andy Daly Small, Very, Class Clown When I'm with my friends I'm funny, but I don't feel like I'm a funny clown. Nora Dunn Friends, Feel, Like I was always a clown. In the eighth grade I won a city speech contest by doing an Eddie Murphy routine. I'm no good at public speaking, but if I can assume a role and speak as that person, then I'm fine. When I had to give a book report, I always did it in character. Jason Wiles City, Doing, Role I think I always was a bit of a class clown, but I don't know how successful I was at that. I always think, when I read about people being class clowns, I imagine them being actually very funny, and I don't know that I was. But I tried to be, I think. Chris Parnell I Think, Clowns, Very I tell you what. 85 percent of the sportswriters think I'm stupid or a clown or something. They think I'm crazy. Joaquin Andujar Stupid, Think, Tell I was always kind of a loudmouth and a class clown, and that kind of led to doing all the school plays and trying out all kinds of different stuff. Dustin Milligan Doing, Always, Plays I remember, as a child, loving it when my mom laughed, but I was definitely not a class clown. Brooke Nevin Mom, I Remember, Class Clown Chris O'Dowd is a very special talent. He's one of those very, very rare actors who can be the clown, or he can be the straight man playing off the clown, in a scene. Jim Piddock Very, Off, Straight Man I'm secretly a clown, or maybe it's not much of a secret! I'm a little putzo, as the Italians say - a little bit loopy. Matthew Settle Say, Italians, Maybe I was the class clown in school, and I was also a child actor - not on television, but in the theatre. Dean Haglund School, Theatre, Actor I've always been a performer. I love doing impressions of people and being the clown. Emma Rigby Love, Always, Been For a long time, I debated about whether I would make movies or join the circus and work as a clown. Denis Lavant Work, About, Debated You can count on one hand the white rappers that have made it. So I just wanted to show the point of view of an actor in Hollywood, because what could be more soft than that. Rapping about auditions and acting and stuff. I thought it was just uncharted territory to clown on, so that pushed through with Dirt Nasty. Simon Rex Thought, Through, Auditions I was the class clown type of guy. Bobb'e J. Thompson Guy, Class Clown, Type Up until the age of 9 or so, I was an incredibly happy, pretty well-adjusted, funny kid who made my parents laugh all the time. I was a bit of a clown, and I was really happy. And then my parents divorced, and I kind of turned into a different person. Christopher Stanley Happy, Kid, Turned I remember having friends in high school that did the theater department stuff, and I always wanted to try it but never had the guts to. I was the class clown but could never really build up the courage to try it. I took one acting class and really enjoyed it.
Read more at: https://www.brainyquote.com/topics/clown