Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).
Using tongs, place bread slices directly on oven racks. Leave in oven until hard and golden brown, about 30 minutes; darker if you prefer. Remove and cool on wire rack.
Crumble slices into a large bowl until reduced to fine crumbs, or place in bowl of food processor and process until fine.
Place eggs in a large saucepan. Cover them with cool water by 1 inch. Slowly bring water to a boil over medium heat; when the water has reached a boil, cover and remove from heat. Let sit 12 minutes.
Transfer eggs to a colander; place under cool running water to stop the cooking. Eggs can be peeled and served immediately.
How-To: Cake 101.
Follow these easy tips for success every time you bake.
Prep Ingredients.
First, set out your ingredients.
Measurements Matter.
Take the time to be precise. Accurate measurements mean tastier results.
Bring All Ingredients to Room Temperature
Measure your ingredients while the butter and eggs warm up. Batter mixes best when ingredients are at room temperature.
Check Egg Sizes.
Large eggs are the most common for baking.
Preheat.
Preheat your oven for at least 20 minutes. Use an oven thermometer so you'll know if your oven is running hot or cold.
Oven Racks.
Position racks in the center of the oven.
Sifting.
Use a mesh strainer if your recipe calls for sifting. Just tap the sides and take your time.
Parchment-Paper Lining.
Trace the cake pan on parchment paper and cut just inside the lines.
Butter the Pan.
Butter the pan with softened butter or nonstick spray. Line the pan with parchment paper — this will help your cake release perfectly — and butter the parchment.
Flour the Pan.
Coat the sides, bottom and corners of the pan, then remove excess. The butter and flour combination will help the cake come out of the pan easily once baked. Remove excess flour when prepping the pan.
Preparing a Bundt Pan.
With Bundt pans, take care to butter all the nooks and crannies, then flour the pan. You're ready to add your batter.
Baking.
Only fill the cake pan to 2/3 high. Use the center rack of the oven for even cooking.
Rotate the Pan.
Halfway through the cooking time, rotate the pan 180 degrees.
Done.
The cake is done when it's firm to the touch.
Toothpick Test.
A skewer inserted into the center should come out clean.
Cooling.
Cool in the pan on a rack for five to 10 minutes, then invert the cake onto a cooling rack. Be careful — the pan may still be hot.
Bundt Cake Cooling.
For a Bundt cake, invert onto a platter. Perfect baking can be a piece of cake! Watch our how-to video for more.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. Place 3 tablespoons margarine in the chicken cavity. Arrange dollops of the remaining margarine around the chicken's exterior. Cut the celery into 3 or 4 pieces, and place in the chicken cavity.
Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees F (82 degrees C). Remove from heat, and baste with melted margarine and drippings. Cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest about 30 minutes before serving.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground chicken in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease.
Melt butter in the skillet with the cooked chicken. Stir cayenne pepper sauce into the chicken mixture and remove from heat.
Squeeze as much moisture from the ricotta cheese using a cheese cloth or paper towels; put drained cheese in a large bowl. Add chicken mixture to the cheese and stir. Refrigerate until completely chilled, 3 to 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Prepare a 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta shells in the boiling water until cooked through but firm to the bite, about 10 minutes; drain. Rinse with cold water until no longer hot; drain.
Spoon chicken mixture into cooked pasta shells and arrange into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese blend over the stuffed shells; season with salt and pepper.
Bake in preheated oven until the cheese is slightly melted and the stuffing is hot in the middle, 15 to 20 minutes.
Place pork roast in a slow cooker, rub with salt, and pour root beer, liquid smoke, and garlic over the top.
Cook on Low for 8 to 10 hours. Remove pork to a bowl. Strain liquid through a fine-mesh strainer; discard liquid or save for another use. Add garlic cloves back to to pork. Shred pork using two forks. Serve with your favorite BBQ sauce.