Biases in the Fossil Record
Anatomy
Animals with hard parts are obviously more likely to be preserved than those that have only soft bodies.
Animals may have hard parts, but if they are fragile (perhaps thin), they will not preserve as well as those that have more resistant structure.
Some hard parts may have a chemistry that allows then to dissolve easily, reducing their chances of preservation.
Some animals have an anatomy that predisposes then to breaking up after death.
Vertebrates, for examples, have bony skeletons, but the bones are held together by soft tissue tendons and muscles. Vertebrates often fall apart after death, and their bones may be scattered by water currents, predators, scavengers, etc.
Plants fall apart after death, or even during life. Flowers, pollen/spores, leaves, and even branches may be shed during life; stems and trunks may be broken away from roots after death, and the result is that plant parts (even from the same plant) may end up being fossilised in different places.
Some creatures molt off their hard parts during life. We have already mentioned leaf fall in deciduous plants. But all arthropods except insects molt off their outer skeletons as they grow (adult insects don't grow). So crustaceans, trilobites, and so on may drop a dozen or more outer skeletons into the fossil record before they finally die. Molting may act as a bias suggesting that a species was MORE abundant than it was in reality.
Size
Large fossils are easier to see
Large shells or bones are stronger, so less likely to be destroyed and more likely to be preserved.
Large fossils are more likely to be found sticking out of the rock. This is not the same bias as the first one, but it is just as real.
On the other hand, large creatures tend to be fewer in number than small creatures, giving the reverse bias to the fossil record.
Habitat: it's easy to see that creatures that live on mountain tops are going to be fossilized less easily than those that live in the shallow sea.
Depositional environment: no matter where you live, it is important where you are likely to be deposited. So a tree may live on land, which is not the best environment for preservation. But if it is a tree that lives on riverbanks, it is more likely to be washed downstream and preserved in a shallow sea than a tree that lives in the middle of a desert. So there is a bias that is linked to the transport history of the fossil from where it lived to where it was deposited. 
Perhaps the best example of this is pollen. Obviously, it is produced by a plant and ends up in the air. It may drop into all kinds of environments, including those that will take some pollen grains and deposit them in favorable localities for preservation.
Geological history. A fossil, once formed in a rock, may be destroyed by geological processes. They may be as simples as seeping water that may dissolve them, but it could be as awesome as a collision between continents, which could fold them, break them into pieces during faulting, or cook them in metamorphism. (A few fossils have been found that are still recognizable even though they have been cooked into garnets.)
Time. The longer a fossil sits around, the more chance there is that it will be destroyed by geological accident. So you might expect a bias in which more recent, younger fossils would be more numerous, in better shape, and more diverse than older fossils. In general, this is true, but there are enough exceptions that we can see through this bias to assess the REAL abundance and diversity of life of the past.
The geography of discovery: where fossils are looked for.
If there is no-one there to see a fossil, than it won't be collected. So no-one knew there were fossils at a height of over 28,000 feet on Mount Everest until a climber saw them and recognized them as fossils. (They had been laid down in shallow sea, by the way.)
If a paleontologist wants to collect a particular group of fossils for study, then he will go to a place where he knows he will find them. He won't go looking at random! SO if everyone goes looking for dinosaurs in Wyoming, how would anyone ever find one in, say, Connecticut?
All this means that fossils will tend to be better collected from areas where there has been intense study. Mostly these places are where organized and academic paleontology has been going on most intensely: in Europe and the United States. Occasionally a particular place has been intensively searched even though it is rather inaccessible: the Burgess Shale in Canada is an outcrop we will hear more about.
Bias of observer: the search image. No matter what you think, you yourself are biased as you collect fossils. Experiments have shown that paleontologists working on, say fossil clams are better at collecting clams than anything else, because their search images has been shaped to bias them in favor of clams.
Not being able to catch your horse is really frustrating. Chasing your horse down, or tricking it before you start each ride is not a positive way to begin your time together. It’s worth spending a little time teaching your horse to be safely caught. After all, not only does out-thinking and maneuvering a horse that doesn’t want to be caught a tax on your time and patience, there may be a time when you absolutely must catch your horse—such as for visits from farriers and vets, or even something extreme, like an evacuation order.


Generally, horses shouldn't be turned out with halters on. However, during this retraining period, you may want to keep a leather crowned halter on your horse, even in the pasture. Horses can become entangled when trying to scratch an ear with a hind foot or can hook a halter on a gate latch and get hung up. Leather halters or halters with breakaway crowns are safer if the horse becomes entangled.

If you want to be able to catch your horse, you will have to convince it that being caught doesn’t always lead to discomfort or work. You’ll do this by spending time with your horse that doesn’t involve any of what it perceives as negative experiences.

Start by visiting in the pasture or paddock. Clean up manure, check for fences; do anything but approach your horse. If your horse approaches you, don’t reach out and try to catch it. Just let it approach, perhaps sniff at you, and then you walk away.

Don’t let your horse walk away from you. You always want to be the final decision-maker in any exchange with your horse. Several brief visits a day will be more effective than the occasional long visit.

When trying to approach your horse don’t march up to it full of purpose and intent. If you do so,  it will likely read your body language and think ‘oh, oh, something is up’.


Instead soften your body language and just -+meander towards your horse. Don’t make direct eye contact. Don’t approach head or tail on. Use your peripheral vision and approach at the neck or shoulder.

If the horse allows you to get near enough to catch it spend a little time doing something enjoyable like scratching, massaging or grooming. Use your knowledge of what your horse likes. Again when you are done, don’t let your horse conclude the exchange. Decide when you are done, unhook the lead rope, make the horse stand, and then walk away from the horse.

If your horse only runs away when it sees you coming with a halter and lead rope, then always approach it with a halter and lead over your shoulder. You have to teach your horse that the appearance of the halter and lead does not mean you are going to lead it into work.

Bribing your horse with treats is only a short-term solution to your problem. Treating a horse, especially if there are other horses in the pasture can get dangerous. If the pasture herd learns that you always come out with treats in your pocket you could get hurt as they jostle each other to get the handout. You want to be able to catch your horse without carrying out a bucket or a carrot.


If your horse will absolutely not allow you to get near enough to catch it, you’ll have to carve out some free, open-ended time and have your horse in a small paddock or yard. A round pen is too small, and a large pasture will work only if you don’t mind walking for miles.

When you approach your horse, and you know it will run away from you, keep it moving. Use a lunge whip as an extension of your arm to cue the horse to move forward. The best gait is a smart trot. At the beginning your horse may act like this is fun —and gallop, buck, and kick. Let him play and he will settle. He may try to stop. He may even try to approach you at some point. However, don’t let the horse make those decisions. If the horse tries to stop tell it clearly and firmly to TROT.

Ask your horse to HALT—or whoa or whatever term you use consistently after you see that he is beginning to pay attention to you.

He may start looking towards you, flicking his ears, or lowering his head. When he is working steadily around you at the trot that is the time to ask for a halt. When he does as you ask, praise him and send him on his way. Do this a few times so you know you are getting a consistent reaction to your command.

When you see that the horse is halting obediently on command, drop your whip and approach him. If the horse stands quietly praise, scratch or pat and walk away. Send him out at a trot again. Repeat the process until you know the horse will stand and wait for you.

Only after you know the horse will stand should you attempt to catch the horse. If he ducks away from you send him on his way and repeat the process. You need to convince him that standing to be caught is more comfortable than running away. (You are not trying to run him to exhaustion.)

Make sure there is a reward at the end of the lesson if he does stand for you . Put a lead rope on him and lead him to a treat in a bucket, do a little grooming or massage. And then turn him loose in his pasture. The next time you have a moment, visit him in the pasture or paddock. Let him learn that your appearance does not mean he has to go to work or suffer discomfort.

Tip: Friendly horses in your paddocks might help you out. If they will walk up to you for pats and scratches, ​your hard to catch horse will see their behavior and may imitate them. And, continue to visit your horse occasionally, so that your horse doesn’t decide your appearance means unpleasant work.
