Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard Alive, Never, Take To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. Reba McEntire Need, Saint Patrick's Day Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts. E. B. White Great Time, Having, Form Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. Margaret Mead Remember, Always No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. Abraham Lincoln Man, Memory, Enough I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. Winston Churchill Drunk, May, Still Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey Great Man, Behind, Rolling My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. Mitch Hedberg Plants, Fake, Them There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. Chris Rock Need, Compliments, Only Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. George Burns Caring, Loving, Having Top 10 Funny QUOTES View the list Progress was all right. Only it went on too long. James Thurber Progress, Only, Too Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it. Charles Dudley Warner Everybody, Does, Talks Be stupid, be dumb, be funny, if that's who you are. Don't try to be someone that society wants you to be; that's stupid. So be yourself. Christina Grimmie Be Yourself, Stupid, Dumb A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. Steve Martin Sunshine, Night, Like Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese. Luis Bunuel Age, Matter, Unless Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. Jules Renard Habit, Resting, Before Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid. Hedy Lamarr Girl, Stupid, Still It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance. Thomas Sowell Extent, Considerable Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. Will Rogers Government, Getting, Paying Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. Will Rogers Humor, Happening, Else Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. Benjamin Franklin See, Constant, Loves A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often. Oliver Herford Mind, Woman, She Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. Mark Twain Climate, Company, Go Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. Anthony Burgess Sleep, Alone, World If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. Henny Youngman Sleep, Late, Tonight I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you. Robin Williams Sorry, Right, Were Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. Mark Twain Them, Please, Get Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I. Oscar Levant Red, Blue, Schizophrenic A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree. Spike Milligan Tree, Cure, Sure If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee. Abraham Lincoln Coffee, Tea, Some I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people. Rodney Dangerfield People, Look, Hang Weather forecast for tonight: dark. George Carlin Weather, Dark, Tonight Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. Brooke Shields Lost, Important, Very We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don't know. W. H. Auden Help Others, Help, Here My life needs editing. Mort Sahl Life, My Life, Needs Never put a sock in a toaster. Eddie Izzard Never, Toaster, Sock There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. Henry Kissinger Week, Schedule, Next From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. Dr. Seuss Humor, Here, Funny Things Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. Peter Ustinov Humor, Comedy, Serious Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing. Robert Benchley Drawing, Nothing, Fine If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days. Robin Williams World, Days, Negotiations Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis Art, Yesterday, Keeping May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. George Carlin Confused, May, Forces Life is hard. After all, it kills you. Katharine Hepburn Life Is Hard, Hard, After If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. Theodore Roosevelt Pants, Most, Kick Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves? Robin Williams Call, Moves, Hour Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. Stephen Hawking Life, Would, Were You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things. Ken Kesey Strength, Strong, See They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning. Clint Eastwood Lightning, Marriages, Made Man cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter. James A. Garfield Alone, Bread, Butter I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food. W. C. Fields Cook, Add, Even People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. Isaac Asimov Think, Know, Annoyance Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings. Ellen DeGeneres Humor, Without, Example I am blessed with a funny gene that makes me enjoy life. Karan Patel I Am, Gene, Makes The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible. David Ogilvy Best, Ideas, Come Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends. Eminem Trust, Small, New I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member. Groucho Marx Club, Refuse, Would It's such a funny thing when you see your daughter transitioning from your baby, your little girl, to suddenly being a young woman. If you're not really looking for it, you can miss it, and Lily-Rose is on that road already, and there's nothing I can do to stop it. Johnny Depp Woman, Young, Your You're only as good as your last haircut. Fran Lebowitz Only, Your, Last What's another word for Thesaurus? Steven Wright Word, Another, Thesaurus I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party. Ron White Given, Them, I Believe That It's so funny how social media was just this fun thing, and now it's this monster that consumes so many millennial lives. Cazzie David Social, Lives, Fun Thing The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around. Thomas A. Edison Chief, Carry, Function Anytime you see a turtle up on top of a fence post, you know he had some help. Alex Haley Turtle, Some, Anytime I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. Douglas Adams Love, Fly, I Love Part of my act is meant to shake you up. It looks like I'm being funny, but I'm reminding you of other things. Life is tough, darling. Life is hard. And we better laugh at everything; otherwise, we're going down the tube. Joan Rivers Shake, Other, Part I used to be Snow White, but I drifted. Mae West White, Snow, Drifted Sometimes I'm really funny, sometimes I'm quiet, sometimes I'm shy, but I'm constantly changing. Elle King Quiet, Sometimes, Shy Electricity is really just organized lightning. George Carlin Lightning, Organized Gambling: The sure way of getting nothing for something. Wilson Mizner Getting, Sure Way, Sure Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck. George Carlin Soul, Die, Roof By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out. Richard Dawkins Drop, Brains, Means All generalizations are false, including this one. Mark Twain Generalizations, Including I buy so much fake jewelry, it's funny. It's not real. I don't wear real diamonds or anything. Kate Spade Diamonds, Jewelry, Buy Yield to temptation. It may not pass your way again. Robert A. Heinlein Temptation, May, Pass I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. Groucho Marx Wonderful, Perfectly, Had It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat. Arnold Schwarzenegger Simple, Fat If two wrongs don't make a right, try three. Laurence J. Peter Two, Try, Right We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight. Milton Berle Television, Edison Being funny is one of my greatest strengths. I can make girls smile when they're down, and when they're having a good time, I can carry on the joke. John Krasinski Being Funny, Being, Having One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening. Franklin P. Jones Listening, Advantage, Least I have really fond memories of growing up in Chicago, and I always love going back. I still have a lot of really good friends from high school that I go to dinner with. It's kind of become a tradition when I go out there to do a show to give a few friends a call, tell some funny stories about high school and walk down memory lane. Kaskade Love, Memory, Some Everybody I know who is funny, it's in them. You can teach timing, or some people are able to tell a joke, though I don't like to tell jokes. But I think you have to be born with a sense of humor and a sense of timing. Carol Burnett I Think, Some, Everybody One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute. William Feather Finance, Think, Buys I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat. Will Rogers I Am, Member, Democrat If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. Clint Eastwood Guarantee, Want, Buy Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves. Abraham Lincoln See, Tact, Themselves I can resist everything except temptation. Oscar Wilde Temptation, Resist, Except If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything. William Lyon Phelps Succeed, Find, If At First Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die. Mel Brooks Die, Finger, Cut I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me. Warren Buffett Me, Cheap, Buy Life goes by fast. Enjoy it. Calm down. It's all funny. Next. Everyone gets so upset about the wrong things. Joan Rivers Upset, Next, Everyone It's so different when you change your hair color, you're treated so differently. It's a very funny experience. It's fun - I love changing up my hair. Kate Bosworth Love, Very, Treated I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me. Ellen DeGeneres Being Funny, Like, Hoped There's only one true superpower amongst human beings, and that is being funny. People treat you differently if you can make them laugh. Jeff Garlin Being Funny, Funny People My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings. Jay London Mood, Take, Would It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. W. Somerset Maugham Best, Funny Thing, Very Ignoring fame was my rebellion, in a funny way. I was insistent on being normal and doing normal things. It probably wasn't advisable to go to college in America and room with a complete stranger. And it probably wasn't wise to share a bathroom with eight other people in a coed dorm. Looking back, that was crazy. Emma Watson College, Looking Back, Doing I believe in rules. Sure I do. If there weren't any rules, how could you break them? Leo Durocher Break, Could, Sure Never have more children than you have car windows. Erma Bombeck Car, Children, Never We are all born mad. Some remain so. Samuel Beckett Mad, Some, Remain The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest. Rodney Dangerfield Luck, Running, Would It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper. Jerry Seinfeld News, Always, Newspaper My one regret in life is that I am not someone else. Woody Allen I Am, Regret, Someone Turn up the lights. I don't want to go home in the dark. O. Henry Want, Go, Go Home As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett Family, Leave, Take The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl. Dave Barry Building Blocks, Gravel I never said most of the things I said. Yogi Berra Never, Things, Most I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap. Rodney Dangerfield Sap, Found, Looked I don't really talk about my personal life. It's a strange and funny and weird thing. Sometimes you have a conversation with someone and the paparazzi snaps a picture of you and people decide you're dating. If I try to answer everything people say, I would be up all night. Tracee Ellis Ross Sometimes, Weird Thing Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you. Joey Adams Worry, Grow, Temptation Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race. H. G. Wells Bicycle, Race, I See The two things in the world we all share in this world are laughter and pain. We've all got problems. The levels of those problems vary, but we've all got problems. When you can take things that are painful and make them funny, that's a gift - to you and your audience. Kevin Hart Gift, Your, Vary I love fools' experiments. I am always making them. Charles Darwin Love, Always, Making Too much agreement kills a chat. Eldridge Cleaver Too, Agreement, Chat I'm quite sarcastic, and I'm funny, but not kind of funny. It's a weird funny, and some people don't get me, and some people do. Millie Bobby Brown People, Kind, Some There is a saying that if you get something for free, you should know that you're the product. It was never more true than in the case of Facebook and Gmail and YouTube. You get free social-media services, and you get free funny cat videos. In exchange, you give up the most valuable asset you have, which is your personal data. Yuval Noah Harari Data, YouTube, Videos Progress is man's ability to complicate simplicity. Thor Heyerdahl Progress, Complicate I think the eyes flirt most. There are so many ways to use them. Anna Held Think, I Think, Most I have never been hurt by what I have not said. Calvin Coolidge Said, Never, Been It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married. Robert Frost Wedding, Worry, Funny Thing Reality continues to ruin my life. Bill Watterson My Life, Reality, Ruin Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting. William Arthur Ward Forgiveness, Funny Thing It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse. Adlai E. Stevenson Horse, Think, Cavalry I'm not that good looking. That's why 'Gangnam Style' works. If someone handsome uses that phrase it's just awkward. But if someone like me uses it, it's funny. Psy Handsome, Like, Works A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. Yogi Berra Nickel, Dime, Anymore If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth. Logan Pearsall Smith Truth, Thought, Always Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works. Steve Jobs Design, Think, Some We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again. Sheena Easton Love, Over, Again I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. Steven Wright Writing, Book, Numbers If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle. Hillary Clinton Change, Want, Knock Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely. P. J. O'Rourke Important, Godliness The tax collector must love poor people, he's creating so many of them. Bill Vaughan Love, Poor, Poor People Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. Mae West Always, Never, Tried I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. Lily Tomlin Always, Wanted, Been I know my strong points: I work hard, I have talent, I'm funny, and I'm a good person. Pink Work, Strong, Work Hard Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving. Erma Bombeck Giving, Gift, Guilt Never floss with a stranger. Joan Rivers Stranger, Never It's not so much what you learn about Mumbai, it's what you learn about yourself, really. It's a funny old hippie thing, but it's true as well. You find out a lot about yourself and your tolerance, and about your inclusiveness. Danny Boyle Learn, Old, Mumbai You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think. Milton Berle Man, Think, Congress Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. Albert Einstein Prejudices, Eighteen, Common Macho does not prove mucho. Zsa Zsa Gabor Prove, Does, Macho I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time. Charles M. Schulz New, One Day, Going A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours. Milton Berle Hours, Committee, Minutes All men are equal before fish. Herbert Hoover Men, Equal, Before I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio. Joan Rivers Toys, Knew, Were Don't talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave. Wilson Mizner Will, Leave, About It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead, you're made for life. Jimi Hendrix Love, Death, Most I was eating in a Chinese restaurant downtown. There was a dish called Mother and Child Reunion. It's chicken and eggs. And I said, I gotta use that one. Paul Simon Chicken, Eggs, Gotta Only the mediocre are always at their best. Jean Giraudoux Always, Only, Mediocre If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age. George Burns Die, Very, Hundred One picture is worth 1,000 denials. Ronald Reagan Picture, Picture Is Worth I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. Walt Whitman Doubt, Enemies, No Doubt Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance? Phyllis Diller Chance, Take A Chance, Take I'm not funny. What I am is brave. Lucille Ball Humor, Brave, I Am All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height. Casey Stengel Everyone, Line, According There's nothing I dislike more than being in a photo shoot where they say, 'Be yourself.' That's not why I became an actress. That's what I find so funny: that you become an actor, and all of a sudden, everyone wants to know about you. But I didn't become an actor so I could show you me. Margot Robbie Dislike, About, Became I am interested in shows that are not out-and-out gag fests: you see the truth of a broken heart behind them. That is what life is like: it's really funny, you see funny things as soon as you step out of the room, but underneath that is a whole bag of broken hearts. It's that real pain and that real hilarity that makes life so intriguing. Tamsin Greig Bag, Broken Heart, Behind Censorship no longer works by hiding information from you; censorship works by flooding you with immense amounts of misinformation, of irrelevant information, of funny cat videos, until you're just unable to focus. Yuval Noah Harari Focus, Irrelevant, Works I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known. Walt Disney Love, Mouse, Ever I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down. Mitch Hedberg Cause, Wear, Upside I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her. Rodney Dangerfield Wife, Her, Want If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner. Tallulah Bankhead My Life, Again, Sooner Honestly, I like someone who is really grounded, super sweet, honest. I need them to have a sense of humor. I need them to laugh at what's funny, I need them to get jokes and be funny and be witty and sarcastic. Casper Smart Sense Of Humor, Honestly Comedy is a tool of togetherness. It's a way of putting your arm around someone, pointing at something, and saying, 'Isn't it funny that we do that?' It's a way of reaching out. Kate McKinnon Comedy, Reaching, Putting A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it. Ivan Reitman Appropriate, Funny Movie A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. Jerry Seinfeld Top, Like, Having Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is. Steve Martin Chaos, Midst, Order If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me. Alice Roosevelt Longworth Next, About, Anybody If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number? Robin Williams Phone, Number, Need I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money. Bob Hope Love, Money, I Love I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me. Stephen Fry Me, Need, Bladder It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger. Gertrude Stein Strong, Principle, Rouse Stories in families are colossally important. Every family has stories: some funny, some proud, some embarrassing, some shameful. Knowing them is proof of belonging to the family. Salman Rushdie Proud, Some, Stories The next time you have a thought... let it go. Ron White Thought, Next, Next Time Even Napoleon had his Watergate. Yogi Berra Even, Napoleon, His A word to the wise is infuriating. Hunter S. Thompson Wise, Word, Infuriating I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. Bertrand Russell Die, Never, Would There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory. Josh Billings Memory, Mistake, Lots I don't follow anything blindly. I have to know the entire thing, if I have to get in to it. It might sound funny to you, but it's like using English language. I use an English word only when I know its meaning and understand its connotation. You won't hear me say, 'What's up, dude' or anything like that just for the heck of it. Kailash Kher Sound, Use, Connotation The funny thing is, I'm so used to not caring what anyone says, good or bad, that unfortunately even when people say good things... I wish it made me feel good, but it doesn't. Rob Zombie Feel, Bad, Used I basically started performing for my mother, going, 'Love me!' What drives you to perform is the need for that primal connection. When I was little, my mother was funny with me, and I started to be charming and funny for her, and I learned that by being entertaining, you make a connection with another person. Robin Williams Love, Entertaining, Primal I failed to make the chess team because of my height. Woody Allen Team, Chess, Failed I have a memory like an elephant. I remember every elephant I've ever met. Herb Caen Remember, I Remember, Ever When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice. Saul Bellow Advice, Ask, Accomplice It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value. Arthur C. Clarke Survival, Proven, Any Why don't you get a haircut? You look like a chrysanthemum. P. G. Wodehouse Why, Like, Get If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? Abraham Lincoln Wearing, Would, Were My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is. Ellen DeGeneres Grandmother, Sixty, Started When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say. Henny Youngman God, Know, Say I find, when you're an optimist, life has a funny way of looking after you. Simon Sinek Looking, Find, Optimist There's something very authentic about humor, when you think about it. Anybody can pretend to be serious. But you can't pretend to be funny. Billy Collins Think, Very, Anybody I got attention by being funny at school, pretending to be retarded, and jumping around with a deformed hand. Leonardo DiCaprio Being Funny, Pretending The funny thing is that my husband couldn't be sweeter. He looks like this bad boy. He's got tattoos and earrings and a mohawk, but when you talk to him and he's around you, he's such a gentleman. He holds doors for ladies. He pulls out chairs. He cooks. He cleans. Malin Akerman Bad, Husband, Bad Boy Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening. Alexander Woollcott Like, Either, Fattening The funny thing about the people I don't like - they're very self-centered. Brendon Urie Like, Funny Thing, Very Be obscure clearly. E. B. White Obscure, Clearly Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone? James Thurber Phone, Number, Answer Actually being funny is mostly telling the truth about things. Bernard Sahlins Telling, Actually, Mostly I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either. Jack Benny Award, Deserve, Either I'm a funny person, but I take my music seriously. Cardi B Music, Person, Take People are getting careers from YouTube and uploading videos. And they're totally different - you can't necessarily be funny on a video, and then all of a sudden you're live in a theater. You don't have the tools yet. It's a lot more involved to go from being funny on a little iPhone screen to being live in front of people and being funny. Wanda Sykes YouTube, Videos, Screen There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice. Lewis Black Milk, Juice, Soy The great thing for me about 'The Resurrection of Gavin Stone' is it's a throwback to the old fashioned Hollywood movie that you can watch with your family, has a message, and is funny and entertaining. They didn't call them faith-based movies; they just called them good movies. D. B. Sweeney Hollywood, Movie My kind of wanting to be funny didn't come from need, necessarily. The closest I can analyze it is that it was an easy way to make friends, I found out. It was just a great kind of social tool. Will Ferrell Need, Social, Wanting Expert: a man who makes three correct guesses consecutively. Laurence J. Peter Expert, Correct, Makes I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives. Billy Connolly Red, Army, Always We know that the nature of genius is to provide idiots with ideas twenty years later. Louis Aragon Genius, Later, Provide If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk? Laurence J. Peter Mind, Desk, Significance Instant gratification takes too long. Carrie Fisher Too, Instant Gratification Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny. Ben Stein Parenting, Over, Crushing I grew up as a very sarcastic person. I was always the class clown, and to date girls, I had to be really funny. I was really skinny growing up. I was so thin, I had to run around in the shower to get wet. That kind of thin. So I always had to rely on humor and sarcasm. Kurt Fuller Shower, Very, Date Memories are doing funny things to us. Milos Forman Doing, Things, Funny Things If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance. George Bernard Shaw May, Skeleton, Get If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor. Joan Rivers Diamonds, Over, Wanted A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul. George Bernard Shaw Government, Always, Depend I was just a goofy little funny kid, who was always getting sent to the principal. It wasn't serious because I was smart. I wasn't like a true troublemaker, just rambunctious - like, talkative and trying to be funny. That was me in middle-school. J. Cole Always, Goofy, Talkative What I am looking for is a blessing not in disguise. Jerome K. Jerome I Am, Looking, Am Lead us not into temptation. Just tell us where it is; we'll find it. Sam Levenson Temptation, Find, Tell The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' Isaac Asimov Science, New, Most I went window shopping today! I bought four windows. Tommy Cooper Today, Four, Bought You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people. Donald Trump Middle, Funny Thing Funny is funny. I dare anyone to look at Tim Conway and Harvey Korman doing the dentist sketch, which is more than 40 years old, and not scream with laughter. Carol Burnett Doing, More, Which People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant. Ellen DeGeneres Accountant, Always, Were My ideal prom date would have to be cute, funny, sweet, nice. Kendall Jenner Prom, Ideal, Date I'm spending a year dead for tax reasons. Douglas Adams Year, Reasons, Spending I wasn't close to my father, but I wanted to be all my life. He had a funny sense of humor, and he laughed all the time - good and loud, like I do. He was a gay Irish gentleman and very good-looking. And he wanted to be close to me, too, but we never had much time together. Judy Garland Father, My Life, Very I never thought I was funny, but I enjoy being funny. Nora Dunn Thought, Never, Being Funny That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard. Joe Rogan Goal, Funny People, Sure I like bowling. I suck at it, but I like it. You know what's so funny? I have days when I'm absolutely great at doing it, and then I have days when I just don't understand it. Lil' Kim Doing, Understand, Like It's funny, the moment you dread the most, seeing yourself bald, is actually not such a bad moment at all. Sylvie Meis Moment, Bad, Dread My favorite type of pet has always been a dog. They're loyal, kind, and offer endless affection. My friend Eric says, 'The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.' Funny thought. Brendon Urie Thought, Endless, Been In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first. George Carlin Always, Left, Comic Strips Keep your sense of humor, my friend; if you don't have a sense of humor it just isn't funny anymore. Wavy Gravy Sense Of Humor, Your, Sense When you see things upside down, the ego can be extraordinarily funny; it's absurd. But it's tragic at the same time. Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu Ego, Down, Same Time I started writing when I was 9 years old. I was like this weird kid who would just stay in my room, typing little funny magazines and drawing comic strips. R. L. Stine Kid, Years, Strips It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man. H. L. Mencken Average, Even, Ape It's funny because I've made a living off of words, but words get in the way of what you really want to say. Kanye West Living, Want, Made There's always going to be someone as funny as you or funnier. Will Ferrell Always, Someone, Funnier I think we're all good and bad, but good's not funny. Bad is funny. Suppress the good and let the bad out, and then you can be funny. Larry David Think, Bad, I Think What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch? W. Clement Stone Lunch, Stolen, Scoundrel At the end of the day it's got to be a good movie, it's got to be a funny movie, and it's got to make people think, 'Hey, I couldn't have spent my time any better.' Tom Hanks Think, Movie, Funny Movie Humor, for me, is really a gate of departure. It's a way of enticing a reader into a poem so that less funny things can take place later. It really is not an end in itself, but a means to an end. Billy Collins Funny Things, Means, Reader Being nice can be funny. A lot of my jokes are like, 'Let me take a bad situation and try to put the best spin on it.' Ron Funches Best, Bad, Like I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle. Mitch Hedberg Some, Wanted, Boiling When Jonathan Winters died, it was like, 'Oh, man!' I knew he was frail, but I always thought he was going to last longer. I knew him as being really funny, but at the same time, he had a dark side. Robin Williams Thought, Had, Jonathan Inappropriateness is funny to me. Rudeness is hilarious. Zach Galifianakis Me, Rudeness, Hilarious I just want to be myself and be real and be funny. Bebe Rexha Myself, Want, Be Real What bothers most critics of my work is the goofiness. One reviewer said I need to make up my mind if want to be funny or serious. My response is that I will make up my mind when God does, because life is a commingling of the sacred and the profane, good and evil. To try and separate them is fallacy. Tom Robbins Life, Good, Separate There's one thing about baldness, it's neat. Don Herold About, One Thing, Baldness I tell you, it's funny because the only time I think about HIV is when I have to take my medicine twice a day. Magic Johnson Think, Tell, I Think I don't think I would do a straight late-night talk show, like a 'Tonight Show' kind of thing. But I'm open to whatever is done well. I don't have any agenda. I'm not like Fugazi - I'm not trying to be just so punk rock until I die. Whatever is funny is good. Eric Andre Die, Show, Tonight Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn. Hesiod Woman, She, Barn For me, Twitter works best as a way of taking pictures of being stuck in traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge. If people really want to read really funny quips about life, parenting, and pop culture, then by all means read Michael Ian Black's tweets. Michael Showalter Best, About, Works Being funny is everything to me. Allison Jones Me, Being Funny, Being I'm thankful enough or blessed enough to be able to say that Miles Davis was a friend when he was alive, and he was a wonderful mentor and really, really funny, you know. Prince Thankful, Mentor, Alive Believe it or not, I make myself laugh. Sometimes when I have thoughts or say some things that are funny, it just makes me laugh, and I don't mind laughing at it before you guys do. Kevin Hart Mind, Thoughts, Some Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave. Quentin Crisp Me, Grave, Funny Thing I'm a classic example of all humorists - only funny when I'm working. Peter Sellers Classic, Only, Humorists To handle that stardom, the red carpets, the photo shoots, people all of a sudden recognizing you and following you in everyday life, it's a bit weird. It's strange, and it can have funny effects on you in terms of do you like it or don't you like it. Some people run away from it, some people embrace it; I found a good middle ground. Roger Federer Away, Some, Recognizing If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all. And if you do have to say it, make it really funny so I can screenshot it and save it for later. Sabrina Carpenter Nice, Say, Save He looks as though he's been weaned on a pickle. Alice Roosevelt Longworth Looks, Though, Been I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass. David Lee Roth Falling, Glass, Jog Animals are sentient, intelligent, perceptive, funny and entertaining. We owe them a duty of care as we do to children. Michael Morpurgo Children, Pet, Entertaining Fashions have done more harm than revolutions. Victor Hugo More, Harm, Revolutions The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated. Mark Twain Reports, Been, Exaggerated It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious. Bill Hicks Humor, Always, Someone A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. Lana Turner Wife, Woman, More Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. Groucho Marx See, Through, Lot Mariah is a beautiful and talented person, and I've had a crush on her for as long as I can remember. Every day, my respect for Mariah continues to grow higher. She's a caring, warm and funny person. People have no idea how funny she is! I feel like I've always known she was my forever love. Nick Cannon Love, Every Day, Idea All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me. Mitch Hedberg Me, Jokes, Been You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny. Steve Irwin Snake, Touch, Turn I went to private school for a very long time, and we always wore uniforms. Then in third grade, I switched to a public school, so I was so excited to wear what I wanted on the first day. I remember I chose this orange hoodie with a skirt, and it's so funny when I think about it now because my style really hasn't changed that much. Keke Palmer I Remember, Private, Very I don't care how handsome or fabulous or funny the groom is, or how sweet and accommodating the bride, or vice versa. Marriage is hard. Jenna McCarthy Bride, Handsome, Groom If you could cross a lion and a monkey, that's what I'd be, because monkeys are funny and lions are strong. Marlon Wayans Strong, Monkey, Could My favorite kind of humor is basically, if it was happening to you, it wouldn't be funny, but to observe it, it's hilarious. Bill Burr Humor, Kind, Hilarious I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them. Phyllis Diller Children, Move, Afford You just suddenly think that there's something quite childish about acting. Basically, it's pretending, isn't it? It's good fun and I enjoy it, but it's a funny way of making a living, particularly when you make a very good wage, as I've been fortunate enough to do. Kevin Whately Pretending, Very, Been I like having a beard. What's funny is when you shave a beard, you realize how freezing cold your face is! The primary purpose evolution-wise is to keep you warm, to grow hair on your face. You shave it off, and your face is freezing for a few days. Adam Scott Purpose, Cold, Your I'm going to take this God-given gift of being funny, and I'm going to spread it out like peanut butter on everything I do. Steve Harvey Gift, Being Funny, Butter Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. H. L. Mencken Broke, Ever, Underestimating I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair. Bette Davis Hair, Washed, Ya Unless someone wants to look funny, I'll not recommend anyone to copy my bowling action. But on a serious note, with the confidence that I have got from the amount of runs I have been scoring, when I'm thrown the ball to bowl, I am pretty sure of what I have to do. I may not be the most attractive to watch while bowling, but I can be effective. Virat Kohli Note, Been, Recommend I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem? Arnold Schwarzenegger Woman, Problem, Thyroid If my life wasn't funny, it would just be true, and that's unacceptable. Carrie Fisher Life, My Life, Unacceptable If you're naturally kind, you attract a lot of people you don't like. William Feather Like, Lot, Naturally I don't write material. Funny things happen to me in the course of a day, and I just make notes. Kevin Hart Happen, Funny Things, Notes To all the girls out there who think being funny is not sexy, you are wrong! Chad Michael Murray Sexy, Think, Being Funny When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. George Burns Sick, Only, Dead Filming is a funny combination of having a good time and not being able to wait until it's over. Nicole Holofcener Wait, Over, Having I can't stress to you enough how much I can relate to teens being cyberbullied. Something that helps me is looking at old videos of me and my friends from middle school, or videos of my family. I love watching funny videos of my favorite people - it really cheers me up. Ariana Grande Love, Videos, Teens Life can be dramatic and funny all in the same day. Jennifer Aniston Day, Same, Dramatic I think I have an inner confidence that my tastes are pretty simple, that what I find funny finds a wide audience. I'm not particularly intellectual or clever or minority-focused in my creative instincts. And I'm certainly not aware of suppressing more sophisticated ambitions. Rowan Atkinson I Think, Sophisticated When human judgment and big data intersect there are some funny things that happen. Nate Silver Happen, Some, Big You can't be a real spy and have everybody in the world know who you are and what your drink is. That's just hysterically funny. Roger Moore Real, Your, Everybody Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion. George Orwell Rebellion, Dirty, Subversive If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets. Mel Brooks Fly, Given, Tickets The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale. Arthur C. Clarke Best, Income, Scale God hadn't made me handsome, but he'd given me something, I always felt: funny bones. Jerry Lewis Handsome, Always, Given It's funny because I want my teeth to be, like, neon 'Real Housewives' white, but mine have stopped taking to teeth whitening. When I talk to my dentist, I'm like, 'They can be that white,' and he's like, 'Veneers can be that white.' Christine Teigen Mine, Housewives, Stopped The human brain is a funny thing: it's very susceptible to tempo and melody. You put the right words to it, and it becomes very influential. Ray Stevens Words, Funny Thing, Very It's funny; it's a real balancing act. In TV, everybody's talking about authenticity. In order to make 'Dirty Jobs' authentic, I really can't be overly informed. The minute I am, I become a host... It's a very tricky business paying a tribute to work, because TV is very bad at it. Mike Rowe Very, Everybody, TV You know it's funny that none of the regular late-night shows now use guest hosts the way Johnny did. No one talks about it much, but it's curious that they don't do it. They would each have to be asked the reason why they don't. Garry Shandling Reason, About, Use I was asked to act when I couldn't act. I was asked to sing 'Funny Face' when I couldn't sing, and dance with Fred Astaire when I couldn't dance - and do all kinds of things I wasn't prepared for. Then I tried like mad to cope with it. Audrey Hepburn Like, Fred Astaire, Prepared I'm funny on camera sometimes. In life, once in a while. Once in a while. Gene Wilder Camera, Sometimes, Once I am odd-looking. I sometimes think I look like a funny Muppet. Angelina Jolie I Am, Think, Muppet Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini? Robert Benchley Martini, Coat, Get 'Hustle' is wonderfully enjoyable because all my life, I've made an effort to be with people who can make me laugh. That original cast - Marc Warren, Jaime Murray, Robert Glenister and Adrian Lester - are all funny. So I know every day I'll have a few good laughs. Robert Vaughn Effort, My Life, Every Day I had the classic 40 meltdown. I did. It's embarrassing. It was pretty funny. But then I recovered. To me, it was like a second adolescence. Hormonally, my body was changing, my mind was changing, and so my relationship to myself and the world around me came to this assault of finiteness. Keanu Reeves Body, Assault, Had I always believe that funny is serious and serious is funny. You don't really need a distinction between them. Trevor Noah Always, Need, Distinction Only bad golfers are lucky. They're the ones bouncing balls off trees, curbs, turtles and cars. Good golfers have bad luck. When you hit the ball straight, a funny bounce is bound to be unlucky. Lee Trevino Luck, Bad, Lucky My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare. Mike Myers Scottish, Cuisine, Based Funny things tend not to happen to me. I am not a natural comic. I need to think about things a lot before I can be even remotely amusing. Rowan Atkinson Think, Natural, Happen Always remember your kid's name. Always remember where you put your kid. Don't let your kid drive until their feet can reach the pedals. Use the right size diapers... for yourself. And, when in doubt, make funny faces. Amy Poehler Feet, Reach, Use Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown. Fanny Brice Want, Entitled, Awful Lot The parrot's so funny. He imitates me and I don't even realize he's doing it. I'm walking around the house talking to myself and whistling and the next day he's said something I've said... it's scary you know? Mick Ralphs Doing, Next, Whistling I don't say things to be offensive; I say things because they're funny to me. It amuses me. Marilyn Manson Me, Things, Offensive My persona has always been what a man was never supposed to be. Outrageous, gregarious, crazy, silly, funny. Richard Simmons Always, Never, Been Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day. Jay Leno Mother, Forget, Call Sometimes I can't believe I'm going to be 60. I always say there's no point moaning about getting older, when there's nothing you can do about it. But still, I do find it quite funny. I look at that number, 60, and I think, 'Really? Me?' Twiggy Sometimes, I Think, Moaning Boston is actually the capital of the world. You didn't know that? We breed smart-ass, quippy, funny people. Not that I'm one of them. I just sorta sneaked in under the radar. John Krasinski Boston, Funny People, Them I don't really necessarily think I'm a funny guy, but I like the opportunity to take on something that I don't feel I'm the best at doing. Seann William Scott Doing, Think, Like I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life. Lalu Prasad Yadav Hope, Own, Some Funny thing, as you become famous, people write less nice things about you. Katharine Ross Famous, About, Funny Thing I think anyone who's perfectly happy isn't particularly funny. Joan Rivers Think, I Think, Perfectly It used to be that you had to make female TV characters perfect so no one would be offended by your 'portrayal' of women. Even when I started out on 'The Office' eight years ago, we could write our male characters funny and flawed, but not the women. And now, thankfully, it's completely different. Mindy Kaling Perfect, Offended, TV When I was young, I'd watch guys on 'The Tonight Show', Buddy Hackett, guys like that, where all they'd be is funny. Later, I remember, on 'Late Night with Letterman', I remember he'd have Jay Leno and Richard Lewis as first guests and the entire point was to entertain and be funny, and I think talk shows have kind of lost that. Norm MacDonald I Think, Entertain, Tonight Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands. Jerry Lewis Woman, Hands, Falling I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone. Danny DeVito Alone, Think, I Think Things that I feel really sad about, I talk about. That way, if it's funny, it doesn't hurt anymore. Pete Davidson Feel, I Feel, About It's so funny, you go to acting school thinking you're going to learn how to be other people, but really it taught me how to be myself. Because it's in understanding yourself deeply that you can lend yourself to another person's circumstances and another person's experience. Lupita Nyong'o Experience, Other, Another The first day one is a guest, the second a burden, and the third a pest. Jean de la Bruyere Pest, Third, Day One You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level. John Krasinski Love, Your, Emotional Level I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder. Brittany Snow Love, Own, Sound The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun. P. G. Wodehouse Gun, Depends, Almost Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf. Lewis Mumford Concrete, Our, National Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh. George Bernard Shaw Life, Die, More I don't mean to be funny. Yogi Berra Mean The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want! Jerry Seinfeld Mafia, Like, Take Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long. Ogden Nash Too, Been, Once I love readings and my readers, but the din of voices of the audience gives me stage fright, and the din of voices inside whisper that I am a fraud, and that the jig is up. Surely someone will rise up from the audience and say out loud that not only am I not funny and helpful, but I'm annoying, and a phony. Anne Lamott Love, Stage Fright, Surely Books are funny little portable pieces of thought. Susan Sontag Thought, Books, Pieces Chris Hemsworth is like Christopher Reeve in that he can do two things: he can wear a big red cape without a shred of self-consciousness. But he's also funny as hell, and he's so sweet. So with all the fish-out-of-water stuff, he's so funny. So he does almost two jobs in a way. Tom Hiddleston Wear, Big, Almost If you're funny, if there's something that makes you laugh, then every day's going to be okay. Tom Hanks Going, Okay, Makes Now a 'funnyman' can get a laugh before opening his mouth - looking funny. Lou Costello was one of your great funnymen. Harry Langdon, Larry Semon; they were all funnymen - they looked funny. W.C. Fields was never a comedian. Slim Summerville was a comedian, yet looked funny. Now if you have both attributes, you are in good shape. Milton Berle Before, Costello, Harry Funny thing is that the poorer people are, the more generous they seem to be. Dolly Parton More, Funny Thing, Poorer It is funny the two things most men are proudest of is the thing that any man can do and doing does in the same way, that is being drunk and being the father of their son. Gertrude Stein Father, Doing, Being I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear. Woody Allen I Am, Although, Bringing You see much more of your children once they leave home. Lucille Ball Children, See, Once Every man has his follies - and often they are the most interesting thing he has got. Josh Billings Interesting, Follies It's funny how the hippies and the punks tried to get rid of the conservatives, but they always seem to get the upper hand in the end. Bjork Always, Hippies, Upper Hand It's funny: Your relationship changes with a song over time. After a year or so, you're a different person, so your songs, you don't connect with them like you did. Hozier Song, Year, Over My mother was a very, very funny, outrageous, outspoken person, and she never edited me. Her whole thing in my life was if anybody had a problem with me, tell them to go to hell. Tig Notaro My Life, Very, Anybody I had a dream cast when Dan first went off and wrote 'Ghostbusters 3' by himself. It was so long ago that my dream cast was Ben Stiller, Chris Farley, and Chris Rock. That would have been cool. Now, a lot of time has passed, and there are a lot of young funny people. Harold Ramis Young, Been, Had Now the point of comedy is not just looking funny, it's use of language. We have at our disposal a great language... and the imaginative, creative use of that language can be at the service of humour. Barry Humphries Language, Comedy, Use Comedy is probably a lot harder for me. Maybe it's because I've been doing drama for so long or maybe it's because... you don't want to search for a laugh; you can't try to be funny, you just have to naturally be funny or be in a situation that's funny. Nina Dobrev Doing, Maybe, Been You are not just a funny person or just a journalist. Most people are hybrids of having a smart opinion and a great sense of humor. Katie Nolan Sense, Having, Great Sense If at first you don't succeed, blame your parents. Marcelene Cox Blame, Succeed, If At First 'White Collar' is a show about the unlikely pairing of an FBI agent and an ex-con solving smart, glamorous, interesting and provocative crimes in a sometimes very funny way. Tim DeKay Very, Unlikely, Agent Tell me I'm beautiful, it's nothing. Tell me I'm intellectual - I know it. Tell me I'm funny, and it's the greatest compliment in the world anyone could give me. Julie Newmar Tell, Give, Could If I'm doing something on stage, and it evokes an emotion, then I might show that emotion, but I also don't believe in being a preacher. If you have a point, that's a bonus. But the funny has to come first; otherwise, you shouldn't call yourself a comedian. Trevor Noah Doing, Show, Bonus If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners. Johnny Carson Television, Still, Frozen I really don't know what makes a comedian. I think it's a family background and environment. Yet if you put the same ingredients in another person, he may never utter a funny line. Bob Newhart Line, I Think, Utter An idea isn't responsible for the people who believe in it. Don Marquis Idea, For The People The funny thing about cinema is, usually when they do a story that has African Americans in it, there always has to be a white guy who's the savior. Jim Brown Always, African Americans It's funny because being comedic and happy and lighthearted is who I am as a person, so they're easier emotions for me to connect with. Lindsay Lohan Emotions, Lighthearted Mr. Idris Elba is amazing! He happens to be British, but what's funny about him is that when he's speaking in his American dialect, he looks like he's a brother from the 'hood. But as soon as he brings out that English thing, I'm like, 'Woo! You look like you're from London. Oh my God!' It's like everything on him changes. He's so cool! Tasha Smith London, About, Dialect There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together. Josh Billings Words, Them, Great Power What after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean. Christopher Fry More, Only, Keep Every dogma has its day. Anthony Burgess Day, Dogma, Every I have a wonderful make-up crew. They're the same people restoring the Statue of Liberty. Bob Hope Same, Statue Of Liberty Forty for you, sixty for me. And equal partners we will be. Joan Rivers Equal, Sixty, Partners He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow. George Eliot Thought, Like, Risen When you're eight years old nothing is your business. Lenny Bruce Business, Nothing, Old Communism is like one big phone company. Lenny Bruce Phone, Like, Big This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last. Oscar Wilde Hope, Will, Last Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement. Ronald Reagan Take, Before, Refuse To be or not to be. That's not really a question. Jean-Luc Godard Question, Really When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity. Albert Einstein Girl, Like, Red-Hot The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it. Terry Pratchett Mind, Will, Having Turns out you have a really fun time if you go to work every day and focus on being silly and funny and happy! Hannah Murray Work, Silly, Every Day It's a funny feeling to work with people who you consider your colleagues and to realize that they actually are young enough to be your children. Alan Alda Work, Young, Feeling I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire. Roy Orbison Living, May, Sure I love airports because funny things always happen at them. They're giant complexes full of urgency, seriousness, and confusion. Where am I supposed to be? Which way do I go? And that's just the staff. Rhys Darby Love, Urgency, I Love The superfluous, a very necessary thing. Voltaire Very, Necessary, Superfluous Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top. Edward Abbey Like, Floats, Stew If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving. Henny Youngman Skydiving, If At First I'm for whatever gets you through the night. Frank Sinatra Night, Through, Gets I don't care what the haters and naysayers say. If they make jokes about me, I'll laugh because they'll probably be funny. Paula Deen Haters, Say, About Every cloud has its silver lining but it is sometimes a little difficult to get it to the mint. Don Marquis Cloud, Mint, Lining It's funny what memory does, isn't it? My favorite holiday tradition might not have happened more than once or twice. But because it is such a good memory, so encapsulating of everything I love about the holidays, in my mind it happened every year. Without fail. Molly O'Keefe Love, Memory, Year You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough. Eminem Musicians, Doing, Caught If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. Jack Benny Mind, You, Matter I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again. Joan Rivers Over, Months, Six It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. Dave Barry Will, Fact, Scientific Fact If I were to insult people and mean it, that wouldn't be funny. Don Rickles People, Mean, Were It's obviously funny to be a meme, so I could be down with it in that regard, but it also belittles one's art. Grimes Art, Meme, Could The avant-garde theater is fun; it is free-swinging, bold, iconoclastic, and often wildly, wildly funny. If you will approach it with childlike innocence - putting your standard responses aside, for they do not apply - if you will approach it on its own terms, I think you will be in for a liberating surprise. Edward Albee Innocence, I Think, Standard It sounds funny, but my biggest fear is that I'm not perfect. I'm a perfectionist, and I get upset when things go wrong or when I don't do well. Nick Jonas Perfect, Upset, Go A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five. Groucho Marx Someone, Would, Fetch I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses. Stephen King Some, Prepared, Main It seems like everybody's perception of me is very bipolar. To one group, it's overpaid, overrated; to another group, it's underpaid, underrated, underdog. It's funny to me because there's no real balance. Jeremy Lin Underdog, Very, Everybody Gamer humor ranges all over the place. What it comes down to is taking a lot of what we see in gaming and we're familiar with in gaming and being like, 'OK, hold on, let's re-examine this for a second. Isn't this funny? Isn't this strange? Isn't this a little bit ridiculous?' That's where it is. Freddie Wong Down, Hold, Bit There's a fine line between angry and grumpy. Angry isn't nice, but grumpy is funny. Rick Wakeman Line, Fine Line, Fine Cure for an obsession: get another one. Mason Cooley Cure, Another, Get What was really funny is that as I got older all those guys who called me a sissy in junior high school wanted me to be their best friend because they wanted to meet all the girls that I knew in figure skating. Scott Hamilton Best, Got, Sissy The importance of satire is bringing more people to the table. There are a lot of average citizens who aren't interested in politics and would be more interested if it's brought to them in a comedic, funny, satirical way. Bassem Youssef Politics, Average, Brought Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax. Charles Kettering Able, Ever, Been I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight. Rita Rudner Sunlight, Vegetarian, Toward I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. Arthur Conan Doyle Choose, Like, Originally The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness. Sam Shepard Success Is, Behind, Having It's funny: people who meet me say, 'I thought you'd be different.' But I'm still the same guy. Bill Engvall Thought, Funny People, Still I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious. Molly Ivins Always, Found, Than Do you know, it's funny, but I never thought of being blind as a disadvantage, and I never thought of being black as a disadvantage. Stevie Wonder Blind, Never, Disadvantage I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing. Johnny Carson Kid, Behind, Barn Maori get pigeonholed into the idea they're spiritual and telling stories like 'Whale Rider' and 'Once Were Warriors,' quite serious stuff, but we're pretty funny people, and we never really have had an opportunity to show that side of ourselves, the clumsy, nerdy side of ourselves, which is something I am. Taika Waititi Idea, Show, Telling I think if everyone would write down the funny stories from their own childhoods, the world would be a better place. Jeff Kinney Think, I Think, Stories I'm not interested in being one of those comedians who wants to look good and be this 'cool' funny person. I don't care how weird or ugly I look. Chris Lilley Cool, Ugly, Being Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them. P. G. Wodehouse Restaurant, Soup, Like I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it. Unknown Fish, Never, Things It's funny, because there are so many stereotypes out there about actors and movie stars in general, but I've had a great opportunity to meet a lot of them, and maybe it's just because they don't behave that way around me, but I rarely see that kind of abuse of power. Ryan Reynolds Abuse, Movie, Maybe The one thing you shouldn't do is try to tell a cab driver how to get somewhere. Jimmy Fallon Tell, One Thing, Cab When you're out of sight for as long as I was, there's a funny feeling of betrayal that comes over people when they see you again. Esther Williams Feeling, Over, Again I like children - fried. W. C. Fields Children, Like, Fried I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says 'go outside.' Demetri Martin Go, Wanna, Jigsaw Puzzle It may sound funny, but I love the South. I don't choose to live anywhere else. There's land here, where a man can raise cattle, and I'm going to do it some day. Medgar Evers Love, Here, Some Fame is a funny thing. I like doing normal things. I like going to fairs. I like going to ball games. I like going to Disney World or a big field on the Fourth of July and having picnics with friends. The problem is you're either worried you're going to be recognized, or you're thankful you're not. It's always there. Chris Evans Thankful, Doing, Big I can speak Esperanto like a native. Spike Milligan Speak, Like, Native Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name. Milton Berle Name, Her, Forgotten It's funny, when bands or younger musicians ask me: 'So, what does it take to make it?' Well, first explain to me what you mean by 'making it': Do you want to be a rock star or do you want music to be your livelihood? Eddie Van Halen Rock Star, Famous, Explain The fact is I'm choosy, but mainly about a man's character. He has to be interesting, funny and clever. I don't even mind if he's not very good-looking. Agyness Deyn Mind, Fact, Very It is to be observed that 'angling' is the name given to fishing by people who can't fish. Stephen Leacock Fishing, Fish, Given Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything! Steve Martin Everything, Boy, Different A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists. Don Marquis Person, Too, Optimists If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you. Billy Wilder Truth, Going, Tell We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder. Andre Maurois Love, Middle, Inventions I need to be cheered up a lot. I think funny people are people who need to be cheered up. Lynda Barry Think, Funny People, Lot I don't know, maybe I'm immature, but I still find it funny if I dump cold water on my girlfriend when she's in the shower. Daniel Tosh Shower, Still, Maybe I think that I come off as, 'Nothing bothers me, I don't care! I'm funny and sassy.' But I'm deeply sensitive. Not only about myself but to others. Not to pat myself on the back, empathy is a quality I've cultivated over my life. It came naturally to me as a child. Laura Benanti My Life, About, I Think 'Funny People' is my favorite performance of myself to date. Even though it's a comedy and there are serious moments, I really felt like Leo felt like a real person. It didn't feel like I was playing myself. Whether it's a comedy or drama, I just try to make it as realistic as possible. Jonah Hill Feel, Date, Real Person Maybe people don't see me as believable playing a person of today. I guess I'm just more realistic in a corset and funny hairstyles. Katie McGrath People, More, Maybe It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music. Tom Petty About, Copied, Steal Children are smarter than any of us. Know how I know that? I don't know one child with a full time job and children. Bill Hicks Smarter, How, Any Comedy is surprises, so if you're intending to make somebody laugh and they don't laugh, that's funny. Norm MacDonald Comedy, Intending, Make I love every minute of fatherhood, staying up all night, changing nappies, kids crying, I find it really funny and inspiring. It connects you to the world in a new way. Elton John Love, Staying, Changing I do find things funny. When you see life through the eyes of someone with a good sense of humor, which my grandmother did, life is a human comedy. George Takei Grandmother, Through, Which The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron. Phyllis Diller Got, Gin, Accidentally Try to find someone with a sense of humor. That's an important thing to have because when you get into an argument, one of the best ways to diffuse it is to be funny. You don't want to hide away from a point, because some points are serious, but you'd rather have a discussion that was a discussion, rather than an argument. Ed Sheeran Argument, Away, Some I'm 42 and the age of a guy who has kids, so I guess I'm playing right where I'm supposed to be. I'm comfortable with that, but in the same breath I'd do something edgy. If someone came to me and offered me an edgy and funny story, then I'd do it. Eddie Murphy Breath, Guy, Funny Story I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. Fred Allen Like, Annoy, Walks Porsche is a driver's car - a performance car. That was funny - here's this awesome car, but it's got no cup holders. Jason McCoy Awesome, Porsche, Here When I was a kid, I never did funny things to get attention. I was never a funny person. I was never, like, 'Oh, wow. I could say this some day on stage.' Steven Wright Like, Funny Things, Some What I like about the jokes, to me it's a lot of logic, no matter how crazy they are. It has to make absolute sense, or it won't be funny. Steven Wright About, Like, Sense O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet. Saint Augustine Help, Me, Lord I got a lot of support from my parents. That's the one thing I always appreciated. They didn't tell me I was being stupid; they told me I was being funny. Jim Carrey Stupid, Always, Being Funny I exaggerate all our selves, our beings. I make fun of everything: of our life and what we are. But I don't tell jokes, really. I just exaggerate life, and it comes out funny. Don Rickles Life, Tell, Our Although I have guitars all around, and I pick them up occasionally and write a tune and make a record, I don't really see myself as a musician. It may seem a funny thing to say. It's just like, I write lyrics, and I make up songs, but I'm not a great lyricist or songwriter or producer. It's when you put all these things together - that makes me. George Harrison Lyricist, I Write, Around Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out. Phyllis Diller Eat, Best Way, Get I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead. Samuel Goldwyn Think, Should, Anyone He looked about as inconspicuous as a tarantula on a slice of angel food. Raymond Chandler Slice, About, Looked I'm like old wine. They don't bring me out very often - but I'm well preserved. Rose Kennedy Old, Like, Very I'm fascinated with the stories that we tell. Real histories become fantasies and fairy tales, morality tales and fables. There's something interesting and funny and perverse about the way fairytale sometimes passes for history, for truth. Kara Walker Sometimes, Tell, Fantasies In my circle of friends, I've always been loud and funny and talkative. But as soon as I step out of that circle, I get very quiet and introspective. I don't want the spotlight on me. Rosie Perez Always, Loud, Talkative One man is as good as another until he has written a book. Benjamin Jowett Book, Until, Another If you're serious, you really understand that it's important that you laugh as much as possible and admit that you're the funniest person you ever met. You have to laugh. Admit that you're funny. Otherwise, you die in solemnity. Maya Angelou Die, Understand, Otherwise Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative. Henry Kissinger Thought, Moderation, Only It's a funny thing, the less people have to live for, the less nerve they have to risk losing nothing. Zora Neale Hurston Nothing, Nerve, Funny Thing You know, it wasn't even that I'm a funny guy, I just loved stand-up comedy and I wanted to do it. It was one of the few things in my life that I knew I was going to be able to do, and I also felt as though I'd be able to do it the way I wanted to do it. Bill Burr My Life, Stand-Up Comedy It's a funny thing. I'll be in my home town of Columbus at a restaurant or something, and the waiter maybe asks, 'What do you do?' and I say, 'Oh, I'm in a band... Twenty One Pilots,' and he'll say, 'Cool, I'll check it out. I never heard of them.' And then I say, 'In September we're playing the Schottenstein Center,' and it's like, 'What?!' Tyler Joseph September, Maybe, Out Just telling the facts are no longer enough. You now have to be persuasive, charismatic, interesting, and funny. Just telling people things isn't enough anymore. Milo Yiannopoulos Enough, Persuasive, Telling You just try to be true to your idea of what is funny and what is also interesting. John Oliver Be True, Idea, Interesting If something is shocking without being funny it's hard to justify. Seth MacFarlane Being Funny, Being, Justify You win a race, the next race it's a question mark. Are you still the best or not? That's what is funny. But that's what is interesting. And that's what is challenging. You have to prove yourself every time. Michael Schumacher Next, Prove, Still If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry. O. Henry Pass, Marry, Knew Ritesh Deshmukh is rock star. He has a lovely family. He works so hard, and he's a great actor. He's funny, friendly, doesn't have an ego, and is so nice to everyone. He's a fine professional, a good husband, and a good father. That's a rock star for me. Nargis Fakhri Rock Star, Friendly, Works I love my brothers' kids. It's funny - as an uncle, you become so protective of them. Liam Hemsworth Love, Uncle, Brothers It's funny: I always, as a high school teacher and particularly as a high school yearbook teacher, because yearbook staffs are 90 percent female, I got to sit in and overhear teenage girl talk for many years. I like teenage girls; I like their drama, their foibles. And I think, 'I'll be good with a teenage daughter!' Rob Thomas I Think, Percent, Teenage I get tired of comedies where there are a bunch of funny guys and a beautiful woman who doesn't do anything funny. And I don't like books where there's a rough-and-tumble boy and a really clever, snotty girl. That's just not my experience with teenagers. Patrick Ness Experience, Woman, Teenagers Sometimes I am so dry that people don't know I'm kidding and think I'm being serious. I enjoy this because their reactions are often funny. Robert Crais Enjoy, Think, Sometimes I've never been to a dinner party where everyone at the dinner table didn't say something funny. Lorrie Moore Everyone, Dinner Party, Been There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. Jean Baudrillard Revenge, Rather, Festival It's funny. You travel all over the world, and you wind up with a guy from your hometown. Patty Smyth Hometown, Over, Guy My mother was a nurse, and in her era, most diseases weren't understood; people put mustard plasters on knees and rubbed camphor on your chest if you had a cough and did funny things to you if you had tuberculosis - all these things that really made very little difference once proper treatments were brought in. Barry Marshall Knees, Very, Brought The drawings in 'Portal' were actually me scribbling that stuff... I had a funny moment when I realized that someone gotten 'The cake is a lie' tattooed on themselves. It was really interesting to see my handwriting tattooed on another human being. That... that's odd. Kim Swift Another, Gotten, Scribbling Girls don't poop, so don't claim you do. You can fart - because farting is funny - but we don't want to know that you poop. Ryan Hansen Want, Fart, Claim Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America. James Joyce Everyone, Last, Discover I'm an unorthodox type of guy, a funny guy - at least I think I'm funny. And one of the things I like to do is come up with nicknames for myself. Shaquille O'Neal Think, Like, I Think I'd love to become like Bill Murray, who was so funny on 'Saturday Night Live' and has gone on to do some of the landmark comedies people like. And then to add this whole other phase to his career with 'Lost in Translation' and 'Rushmore.' I always felt to be able to have something similar to that would be great. Will Ferrell Love, Saturday, Some It's funny how people who ain't never been down there can think that America is so fair and that we should be alright. It's funny that the people who have their foot on our neck are telling us, 'Get up. What's wrong with you?' Ice Cube Fair, Telling, Been I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. Charles M. Schulz Love, Mankind, I Love I still remember the first gig where I got people going, it was Rascals in New Jersey, and the place was packed. I was scared. People were expecting me to be funny. I gotta be honest, every time I walk into a club, it's that same fear. Bill Burr Got, Gig, Rascals I'm just not one of those naturally funny, relaxed actors who enjoy the spotlight and are so good at it. Heath Ledger Good, Enjoy, Relaxed Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive. Tim Allen Liars, About, Figure I rant, therefore I am. Dennis Miller I Am, Therefore, Rant I don't deserve any credit for turning the other cheek as my tongue is always in it. Flannery O'Connor Deserve, Always, Other 'Saturday Night Live' was like a university for funny. Tracy Morgan Saturday, Like, University I could sooner reconcile all Europe than two women. Louis XIV Could, Reconcile, Sooner I like the ironic pomposity of a stand-up comedian. Like all those comedians thinking they can bring down Coca-Cola. They forget to be funny. Ricky Gervais Ironic, Like, Bring With improv, it's a combination of listening and not trying to be funny. Kristen Wiig Listening, Trying, Improv It's funny, in a way the actor is a writer. It's not like the two things are so separate as to be like apples and oranges. The writer and the actor are one. Sam Shepard Like, Oranges, Separate I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights. Jay London Hair, Tonight, Highlights When I write, I'm not trying to be funny. It's the way I look at the world. Billy Collins World, Trying, I Write Every girls' night needs a funny movie and a good conversation about guys! My friends and I also love picking outfits out for each other to try on at slumber parties. It's so fun. Jennette McCurdy Love, Other, Funny Movie My daughters are both funny and smart and lots of fun. They play lacrosse, soccer, musical instruments, like to cook with me, and are naturals in the swimming pool. Honestly, though, what I like doing most with them is eating. I've worked really hard to make sure they are willing to try all sorts of different foods. Alexi Zentner Play, Doing, Foods Life is funny. If you don't laugh, you're in trouble. Taylor Hawkins Life, Trouble, You I have seen and heard comedians who had really funny 'stuff' but yet could not make the people laugh; then, again - I have seen others whose stuff was anything but humorous, and the audience would howl with laughter. Al Jolson Seen, Anything, Had When I have had a long day at work, I want something to watch that is funny, lighthearted and easy to get into, and reality is that. I'm not really into serious programmes or documentaries. Amy Childs Work, Long Day, Lighthearted Being mean just for being mean's sake isn't funny. Kaitlin Olson Mean, Being Mean, Being I really like 'Gladiator.' I like 'The Dark Knight.' I really liked, when I was a kid, 'U.S. Marshalls.' I like funny movies, too. 'Old School' and 'The Hangover.' 'The Hangover' was up there; I liked it. Matthew Stafford Kid, Old, Like If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life. Henry David Thoreau My Life, Doing, Knew I don't feel that I'm explaining the world or teaching people anything. And I'm not trying to be a mirror, showing them what's really going on the world. All I'm trying to do is think of stuff that's funny, just like when I'm kidding around with my friends. Steven Wright Mirror, Feel, Teaching I bought some batteries, but they weren't included. Steven Wright Some, Batteries, Bought A man's got to take a lot of punishment to write a really funny book. Ernest Hemingway Punishment, Take, Lot Say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. H. L. Mencken Always, Ten Commandments One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself. Bill Murray Like, One Of The Things If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon. W. C. Fields My Life, Over, Saloon Being a stand-up is my mission in life; it's my passion. My ongoing goal is to simply be funny, on my own, in front of a roomful of strangers. Jerry Seinfeld Goal, Own, My Own What do I know of man's destiny? I could tell you more about radishes. Samuel Beckett Destiny, More, Could I spent a year in that town, one Sunday. George Burns Sunday, Year, Town There's a lot more to me than just funny. Steve Harvey More, Than, Lot What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny. David Sedaris Other, Call, Despairing Richard Pryor introduced me to the world of the inner city, and the urban world, and did it hysterically. My favorite comedian, even though we work 180 degrees differently, but funny is funny is funny. Bob Newhart Though, Richard, Pryor No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12. Rowan Atkinson Think, I Think, Very So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year? Christina Aguilera Year, Held, Cannes We never really tried to shock for shock's sake on 'Family Guy'. If something was horribly offensive and shocking, we would put it in if it was also hysterically funny. Seth MacFarlane Offensive, Shock, Horribly I love sprinting, but I hate long-distance running. Isn't that funny? Dylan O'Brien Love, Running, Sprinting I developed a knack for storytelling early on around the kitchen table with my family. I just happen to be a funny guy. Sebastian Maniscalco Storytelling, Happen, Guy All you can do is really the prep work and make sure you're ready to hit each golf shot. Outside of that, you're not sure really what's going to happen. It's a funny game, but I think that's why I love it. You never know, one day to the next; you could go shoot 62, and the next day you're going to shoot 78, and you can't predict it. Rickie Fowler Love, Game, Next She was a handsome woman of forty-five and would remain so for many years. J. B. Priestley Woman, Handsome, She Being funny with a funny voice is more my comfort zone, a broader character that I try to humanize, a kind of silly or wacky persona that I try to fill in. Hank Azaria Voice, Being Funny, Persona I like to have fun, but I don't think of myself as being funny. But I'm a big jokester, so I make fun of myself a lot! Taylor Lautner Think, Being Funny, Big I love Felicity Jones. It was funny because I went to go see the 'Rogue One' set, and I was like, 'Oh my God, I love you.' And she's so tiny, and elegant, and she's just so small. Everyone's so much smaller than they seem. Daisy Ridley Love, Small, Smaller During the Great Depression, when people laughed their worries disappeared. Audiences loved these funny men. I decided to become one. Jerry Stiller Great, People, Laughed The reason I keep talking about a wife and saying the word 'wife' on stage is because it seems a funny word to me. The more you say it, the more it seems to detach from that person and become this sort of abstract thing: that you would set out to find a wife, that it would be an objective like buying a new car. Stephen Merchant Reason, Talking, About I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry. Norman Wisdom Sorry, Circumstances, Very I don't think it's any coincidence that I lost my religious faith and 'manned up' in the same year. I was described somewhere as a lapsed Catholic, which is funny because I'm not going back! I want to achieve things rather than live life in an animalistic way. Jimmy Carr Year, Rather, Religious But a funny thing happened four years later. I was invited to play for an alumni team against the Red Wings. Ted Lindsay Play, Funny Thing, Red Wings My company is known for being funny as well as moving. You get a bit of everything in these shows. I think people know they're going to have a surprising experience. Matthew Bourne Think, Being Funny, I Think I consider myself very lucky. God has a funny way of bringing some things around and knocking you in the head with the ultimate destination. Something I should have achieved quite easily took me a long time to get around to. It came in His time, not mine. Jim Morris Lucky, Some, Very Everyone has at least one story, and each of us is funny if we admit it. You have to admit you're the funniest person you've ever heard of. Maya Angelou Everyone, Least, Funniest Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny! Mitch Hedberg Why, Joke, Off I'm really not that funny in real life! But I am the best audience one could find. I love to laugh. Carol Burnett Love, Audience, Could Isn't it funny how babies laugh a lot? I read a toddler, a young child laughs 300 times a day. The average adult laughs, like, four times a day. God put it in them. He put the laugh in us, but I think sometimes we let life get us down, you know, have bad breaks, and we lose our breaks. Joel Osteen Bad, Average, I Think I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell? Andy Warhol Think, Being Funny, Tell I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks. Steve Martin Woman, Shoulders, Head Don't send funny greeting cards on birthdays or at Christmas. Save them for funerals, when their cheery effect is needed. P. J. O'Rourke Cards, Greeting, Needed Every day after school for 10 years, I was on the set of 'Married... with Children,' which is a really funny and perverse place for a little girl in a Catholic school uniform to grow up. Meghan Markle Every Day, Uniform, Years I think being funny is not anyone's first choice. Woody Allen Humor, Think, Being Funny Food is an important part of a balanced diet. Fran Lebowitz Important, Part The funny guy doesn't get the girl until later in life. High school, college, everyone still wants the brooding, dangerous guy you shouldn't have. Will Ferrell College, Brooding, Still I know the nature of comedy, and you never know what will happen with the next movie or whether people will find it funny. Will Ferrell Next, Happen, Movie Cheech and I used to call ourselves musicians; we never called ourselves comedians. We were musicians that were funny. Tommy Chong Never, Comedians, Call If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question? Lily Tomlin Love, Question, Answer It's funny that it all becomes about clothes. It's bizarre. You work your butt off and then you win an award and it's all about your dress. You can't get away from it. Reese Witherspoon Dress, Away, Bizarre How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand. Emo Philips Here, How, Raise I always have a funny story at communion time that underscores that no one is perfect, and that communion is not for perfect people but for hungry people. Greg Boyle Perfect, Always, Communion What I do onstage, there's maybe .0001 percent of the population that acts like that. I talk like that because it makes me laugh, and because I know a couple of people that talk like that. They're really that Southern. And they do funny things. I love 'em; they're awesome. They're good people. Larry the Cable Guy Love, Southern, Couple Cheryl Cole and Katy Perry are two of the hottest girls in the world - and so normal and funny with it. If I was a few years older they are the kind of girls I'd like to date. I want a younger version of Cheryl and Katy - a mixture of the two would be hot. Justin Bieber Hot, Two, Date I'm blonde and tanned and normal-sized! I'm sweet, shy, funny, have a big heart and I'm nice - and I like to eat. Paris Hilton Shy, Like, Big Its funny, because for females in general - not just in music, but the corporate ladder as well - anything we do has always been harder for us. When it comes to music, the industry wants you to conform, to look like this and to sound like this and do this or that. It makes it harder. It's harder for us to come out and be bosses and lead the pack. Missy Elliott Sound, Been, Industry Without hurting anybody, we all tend to laugh at others' discomfort. When someone slips on a banana skin and falls it's funny. Shah Rukh Khan Skin, Banana, Anybody I always felt that it was easier to take a funny person and teach them to write television than to take somebody who was a television writer and make them funny. And I discovered a lot of great writers that went on to do a lot of great shows like 'Seinfeld,' 'Friends,' you know, 'Three and a Half Men.' Roseanne Barr Half, Discovered, Seinfeld The funny thing is that when you have any form of presentation to your band, meaning you have the foresight to see outside of your creativity, you have a bigger vision. Nikki Sixx Bigger, Your, Funny Thing It's funny how a chubby kid can just be having fun, and people call it entertainment! Garth Brooks Entertainment, Kid, Having You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain. Terry Bradshaw Behind, Other, Show My parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles were all funny, and I felt that energy, that delivery, that timing, that sarcasm. All that stuff seeped into my brain. Jeff Ross Grandparents, Delivery, Felt Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children. Samuel Butler Children, Earth, Last People say funny things all the time during really serious moments in life. Mark Ruffalo People, Say, Funny Things Sometimes it's cool to have banter with the audience. Occasionally, somebody will say something, and I'll say something right back, and everybody laughs, and it's funny. Sebastian Maniscalco Will, Audience, Everybody One longs to be funny, to make people laugh. Laughter is such a sign of approval, isn't it? Tom Baker Approval, Sign, Longs My sister and I - she's a musician - we jam all the time. We always play around for giggles with stuff that seem unconventional or stuff that seems funny. A lot of the stuff sometimes is just a response from jam sessions in her room, so she'll be on the guitar or the keyboard, and we'll just start singing and doing stuff. Andra Day Play, Doing, Sometimes The reason I turn down 99% of a hundred, I mean a thousand, scripts is because romantic comedies are often very romantic but seldom very funny. Hugh Grant Reason, Romantic Comedies I don't believe in angels, no. But I do have a wee parking angel. It's on my dashboard and you wind it up. The wings flap and it's supposed to give you a parking space. It's worked so far. Billy Connolly Believe, Parking, Give I was the kind nobody thought could make it. I had a funny Boston accent. I couldn't pronounce my R's. I wasn't a beauty. Barbara Walters Beauty, Thought, Boston You meet folks who are funny and really smart and persistent and loving that are confronting this thing we call poverty, which is just a shorthand for this way of life that holds you underwater. And you just wonder what our country would be if we allowed these people to flourish and reach their full potential. Matthew Desmond Reach, Country, Confronting You can't be funny unless you're tragic, and you can't be tragic unless you're funny. Elaine Stritch You, Tragic, Unless My CIA colleagues were smart, dedicated, funny, and creative. Yes, there was sometimes stifling bureaucracy, boredom, colleagues who never should have been there, and later, deeply disturbing stories of the CIA's involvement in torture. Still, I got to do work I thought was incredibly important and, many times, had fun doing it. Valerie Plame Boredom, Been, Stifling It's funny: in the middle of making 'The Muse,' I was offered, at the time, the first 'Ice Age,' the part that Ray Romano took: I was offered the elephant. And I couldn't even stop to breathe, so I didn't do it. They've made, like, six of them. And in the animation business, for a voice actor, that's what you want. You want six, you know? Albert Brooks Voice, Muse, Part A cultural thing that is funny to me is that every time I go out in D.C. after a show, all the nightclubs and restaurants are owned by Iranians and Afghans. It's funny to me how we lost our countries but we gained the nightlife. Maz Jobrani Show, Our, Afghans I make funny videos of me playing video games, and I share those moments. PewDiePie Me, Moments, Games My parents are both very funny but they're also relatively soft-spoken, normal human beings while I'm just a lunatic. I don't know where this loud, ballsy, hammy ridiculousness came from. I'm just glad I followed my goals and my parents did too. It's not like we even had a plan when I dragged my mom to Los Angeles. Emma Stone Mom, Very, Had California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange. Fred Allen Orange, Happen, Fine People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading. Logan Pearsall Smith Reading, Say, Prefer No one wants to read a story where I saw a cute puppy on the street and I petted it. I mean, that's not funny. I only write about the funny stuff. Tucker Max About, Read, Saw I'm a funny guy. You've got to be able to make fun of yourself. We only live once. Jon Pardi Got, Guy, Funny Guy You initially become funny as a kid because you're looking for attention and love. Psychologists think that's all to do with mother abandonment. I think John Cleese has his depressions, and Terry Gilliam's the same. All of us together make one completely insane person. Eric Idle Love, Kid, I Think 'Crash' came from personal experience. I saw things inside me from living in L.A. that made me uncomfortable. I saw horrible things in people and saw terrible things in myself. I saw a black director completely humiliated, but the three people around me just thought it was funny. 'No,' I said, 'that is selling your soul.' Paul Haggis Thought, Horrible Things It's funny, I often think about how, if we were all placed in an apocalyptic situation, you'd realize quickly how stupid, petty things just don't matter anymore. Who you love is who you love, and it doesn't matter. Alycia Debnam-Carey Love, Stupid, Placed I had gotten to a place where I truly believed everything I was called: 'not sexy,' 'not funny,' 'too intense,' desperate.' All those labels they gave me, I took them because there wasn't a trace of my true self left. Naomi Watts Desperate, Gotten, Had I want people to have learned from me. When you watch movies that we grew up on, they teach you life lessons about friendship, brotherhood, integrity, but it's still funny and something you can watch as a family. I want to bring that back to our culture in general. Jason Mitchell Friendship, About, Bring It's a funny relationship that makeup artists have. I always feel kind of like a dentist. People look at me and think of pain. Rick Baker Makeup, Think, Always I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name. Paula Poundstone Mother, Bank, Maiden You'll hear 'Hippie,' or, 'Get a haircut.' I like it. I think it's funny because they think we've never heard that before. So, like, good one. Jacob deGrom Think, Like, I Think With my boyfriend, we can make sexist jokes to each other because we know it's absolutely not true. If I get home from a long day and he says: 'Go on, get in the kitchen,' it's funny because we know it's not our lives. Emily Browning Long Day, Boyfriend, Other The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love. Joe E. Lewis Love, Marry, Might To me, wealth is the peace of mind you have, your family, your friends, your colleagues. Everything else is just money, and it really is funny how people pay so much attention to that. Ricardo Salinas Pliego Mind, Wealth, Pay I did feel funny about being fair and having red hair and freckles. I did not like that because I grew up in a neighbourhood where no one had red hair. I felt very conspicuous but not in a nice way. Patti Scialfa About, Freckles, Very I think God has a sense of humor, and the way my lessons come from God is very funny. I have to laugh at myself even if it's a tough lesson. Yvette Nicole Brown Think, I Think, Very To be really great, you need to be naturally funny in order to stand out. But you can work at it, and find the best vehicle that you have to communicate what you're saying to people. Amy Schumer Work, Need, Communicate A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.' Claude Pepper Green, Year, Buy When I'm on stage, it's really intense. My mind is going a million miles an hour, trying to remember my act, trying to say it all the right way. It's funny how different it looks and how it's happening. There are three Fellini circuses in my head, and outwardly it looks like I'm going to get a bagel. Steven Wright Remember, Three, Miles When I'm being funny, I try not to offend. I don't think much of what I've done has been in really ghastly taste. I don't think I have embarrassed many people or distressed them. Kurt Vonnegut Think, Being Funny, Been No matter how popular you are as a stand-up - you can go out and fill a 10,000-seat arena and be smart and funny - it's delicate to host an awards show and know where your place is and know that it's not about you, that it's about the people who are nominated, and respect that, but at the same time have your moment to show them who you are. Ellen DeGeneres About, Delicate, Show I know what Germans are. They are a funny people. They are always choosing someone to lead them in a direction which they do not want to go. Gertrude Stein Always, Funny People, Which I've always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but they're just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers. Steve Martin Always, Some, Entertainers I like marriage. The idea. Toni Morrison Marriage, Idea, Like Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying them without money? Ogden Nash Very, Buy, Certainly I remember straightening my hair because I wanted to be like everybody else, and now the fact that anybody would emulate what I do? It's just funny. Taylor Swift Fact, I Remember, Everybody I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny. Rihanna Love, Cool, Date If you can't tell a spoon from a ladle, then you're fat! Demetri Martin Fat, Tell, Spoon I became good friends with Jack Whitehall. I think he's great, such a great dude, and really funny. Bo Burnham Think, I Think, Became You have to discover when you're inadequate to be funny and you don't know you're inadequate when you're a kid. Larry David Kid, Discover, Inadequate If you play it straight it's funny - the best comedy is always played straight down the middle. The adjustment is understanding from the screenplay that a moment is hilarious. Tom Hiddleston Play, Always, Middle You know what's funny to me? Attitude. Don Rickles Attitude, Me, Know It's true; I have a skill and it's... it has not related to acting, it's not related to auditions, it's not related to studios, not related to public whim. It's whether I'm funny or not and whether I can entertain people. Tim Allen Entertain, Auditions, Whim I was the kid next door's imaginary friend. Emo Philips Door, Next, Imaginary I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator. Emo Philips Alone, Thanks, Other Miami Beach is where neon goes to die. Lenny Bruce Miami, Die, Goes There's a difference between being a comic and a comedian. A comic is a guy who says funny things, and a comedian is a guy who says things funny, and he has a style and point of view that will last much longer. Milton Berle Will, Last, Funny Things Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed. Josh Billings Flattery, Like, Swallowed Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. Laurence J. Peter Art, Forgetting, Fine I have a sidekick, Keith Robinson, who's very funny. I've known Keith for over 20 years; he's my best friend. Wanda Sykes Over, Sidekick, Very Japanese people have a funny habit of abbreviating names. Shigeru Miyamoto Habit, Names, Japanese I'm in the lane where I can make music but also have it be funny and still good at the same time. Jake Paul Still, Same Time, Also The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.' Chris Pratt I Think, American Audience When you write something you know, you're making a story that will work, whether or not there's bits taken. It's always funny to me when people say, 'Well, it's clearly autobiographical,' and I say, 'Well, how do you know my autobiography?' Certainly, there are things that are connected, but I just think it's a very interesting assumption. Greta Gerwig Autobiography, Clearly, Very I wear black skinny-fit jeans - I can't get away from them. It's funny because I wore baggy jeans for ages, then one day my friend convinced me to try on a skinny pair and I thought they were great. Shaun White Thought, One Day, Away To me, the highest expression of life is art with jokes. It's very rarified, very difficult to accomplish if you want to be more than just funny and more than just jokes about human gaseousness. Neil Peart Art, Expression, Very The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. Jay Leno Reason, Driver I was the class podiatrist. I never made it to class clown. I wasn't funny enough. I would examine feet and prescribe and ointment. It was a sad childhood. Gilbert Gottfried Childhood, Feet, Examine It's funny - almost every comedian that I started out with moved to L.A., except for my two friends Hannibal Buress and Amy Schumer. And my two friends that are doing the best in comedy, the most successful friends I have, are Hannibal Buress and Amy Schumer. Eric Andre Doing, Comedy, Almost I always thought it would be funny to have the Parents Television Council write an episode of 'Family Guy' and give them full creative control. Then see how good the episode is. That's something we've actually discussed in the writers' room. We haven't proposed it yet, but if somebody from the PTC reads this, it might be worth discussing. Seth MacFarlane Thought, Guy, Episode I never liked you, and I always will. Samuel Goldwyn Always, Will, Never Let's have some new cliches. Samuel Goldwyn New, Cliches, Some It's funny when you're a kid how you can acclimate to almost anything. Adam Carolla Kid, How, Almost For a Catholic kid in parochial school, the only way to survive the beatings - by classmates, not the nuns - was to be the funny guy. George A. Romero Survive, Kid, Guy Me carrying a briefcase is like a hotdog wearing earrings. Sparky Anderson Me, Like, Briefcase It's much better to wreak havoc on a show and be a maniac than promote myself. Plugs and anecdotes aren't really in line with my beliefs. Besides, if someone sees me on a morning show and thinks, 'That's not funny; this guy is crazy,' then I don't want them to come to the show anyway. T. J. Miller Line, Guy, Show My definition of an intellectual is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture without thinking of the Lone Ranger. Billy Connolly Tell, Ranger, Lone People ask 'do you make a conscious effort not to swear?' - if you're doing silly stuff you're not tempted to put swearing in. All the comics from my childhood, who were funny without swearing, were the people that influenced me. What I do is quite traditional anyway. Tim Vine Doing, Comics, Influenced I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look. Ryan Seacrest Dating, I Think, Some I didn't grow up thinking I was pretty; there was always a prettier girl than me. So I learned to be smart and tried to be funny and develop the inside of me, because I felt like that's what I had. Kerry Washington Grow, Always, Pretty Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know. Andre Maurois Constant, Improved, Vastly The whole point about laughter is it's like mercury: you can't catch it, you can't catch what motivates it - that's why it's funny. Mike Nichols About, Like, Mercury You know what? I never really factor Hollywood into anything. I'm a black actor, so I can't really control what Hollywood thinks. I gotta go do my thing, and my jokes have got to be funny. Whatever I do has got to be great. Jamie Foxx Hollywood, Got, Anything I like idolator.com a lot. Every once in a while they shred me on there, but it's usually pretty funny. Pete Wentz Pretty, Like, While In my film 'Queen', there was a funny moment with the bra. My director called and said they are blurring the bra. They said it is vulgar. Our director was furious about it. We are artistes... We see props as they are. A woman's bra is not a danger to the society. Kangana Ranaut Woman, Queen, Director I feel like every day of my life is a funny wardrobe malfunction! Nikki Reed My Life, Every Day, Like It's a weird thing. Rick Springfield wrote 'Jessie's Girl,' and he probably gets sick of talking about 'Jessie's Girl.' The thing is, I didn't write 'Blurred Lines.' I didn't direct the music video. I'm really happy for the success, but it is kind of a funny thing to follow me around. Emily Ratajkowski Happy, About, Weird Thing It's funny: I've always had the analogy of a snow globe, that Hollywood is a snow globe. No, it's true. If you shake it up, you can look at it and really enjoy it. But don't ever go in. Don't ever buy into it and be like, 'I deserve all of this!' because it can go away at any time, so just have a lot of fun. John Krasinski Hollywood, Shake, Away I want to be in 'Funny Girl.' And I want Ryan Murphy to direct it. Lea Michele Want, Ryan, Murphy 'Mrs Funnybones' is based and structured around my columns, and it's about how a modern woman looks at India and how India looks right back at her. Since I have a weakness for illustrations, there are also a few funny illustrations in there as well.
Read more at: https://www.brainyquote.com/topics/funny