Back in the '60s and the early '70s, in the South that was kind of a no-no. At all the Army and Navy bases we'd play, we would get into fights with the soldiers over our hair. But I think our music overshadowed everything else. Gary Rossington Play, I Think, South On 'Redneck Island,' a show I love, there was a lot of drama and storylines going on because someone's always voted off the island through process of elimination. Stone Cold Steve Austin Love, Always, Through Conservatives are routinely pilloried on television. A&E likely greenlit 'Duck Dynasty' in the first place because executives believed Americans would laugh at the redneck antics of the self-described 'white trash' family. Ben Shapiro Conservatives, First Place If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck. Jeff Foxworthy Made, Ever, Might If your working television sits on top of your non-working television, you might be a redneck. Jeff Foxworthy Top, Television, Might I'm kind of a closet redneck. Donald Trump, Jr. Kind, Closet You can imagine me as a kid growing up in redneck Texas with ballet shoes, tucking the violin under my arm. I had to fight my way up. Patrick Swayze Kid, Violin, Imagine I'm a redneck. Billy Butler Jerry Springer' is just kind of the chubby, redneck version of throwing Christians to the lions. Hal Sparks Throwing, Christians, Lions Nashville is a boys' club of redneck conservative ideas. But they're ready to embrace gay people. I never felt for one second that someone was judging me. Some people are like, 'Oh, I love gay people' in that 'I have lots of black friends' kind of way. It's awkward, but you have to appreciate that they're trying. Shane McAnally Love, Conservative, Some Because I lived in construction towns, we had a lot of workers who came from the South. They were all white, and, sorry to say, a number of them were pretty redneck. Tom Brokaw Pretty, South, Had When you were a teenager in Colorado, the way to be a punk rocker was to rip on Reagan and Bush and what they were doing and talk about how everyone in Colorado's a redneck with a gun and all this stuff. Trey Parker Doing, Gun, Rocker I was stupid when I started: the epitome of bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. It was like, 'I get to live in L.A. and drive around in limos? Really?' I didn't realize I was owned. The more money gets pumped into you, the more you become a marionette. It made me a true redneck in attitude: I never wanted to wake up ever again feeling owned. Al Jourgensen Stupid, Epitome, Pumped I was in Nicaragua with the Sandinistas. I've argued for Leonard Peltier, Mumia Abu-Jamal, the United Farm Workers. I've been a radical for a long time. I guess it's too bad. I'd be more marketable as a right-wing redneck. But I got into this to tell the truth as I saw it. Kris Kristofferson Bad, Been, Argued I've got a chance to host a show called 'Redneck Island' on CMT. I love doing that show. Stone Cold Steve Austin Love, Chance, Doing I would have to say my favorite thing about hosting 'Redneck Island 4' was the cast. They were the most genuine, fun, and down-to-earth Southerners. They just reminded me of the kids I went to school with. Jessie James Decker About, Hosting, Southerners I'm from Florida, and my family somehow is really into country music. We're all southern in a way: My grandpa hunts, my uncle's, like, a redneck, and we're all NASCAR fans. Cassadee Pope Country, Southern, Florida I'm from West Virginia. If you didn't know what was happening in NASCAR, you were on the outside. NASCAR is a big league sport, but it's still also country and redneck. Randy Moss Country, Still, Big If you watch the 'Blue Collar Tour,' I was probably the least redneck of everybody. Bill Engvall Blue, Everybody, Collar Jacksonville back in the 1960s was kind of a redneck town. There were only two or three places where you could play our kind of hard rock - or 'hippie music' as it was called back then. You had to go to Georgia or some place else. Gary Rossington Play, Some, Hard Rock I haven't always played nice guys. In 'Gremlins,' I was a conceited, pompous braggart, and I was a redneck chauvinist in the TV movie 'A Matter of Sex.' But I really prefer sympathetic roles. Judge Reinhold Always, Movie, TV I kinda like Florida. It's hot as hell, but we moved to Tallahassee, which is so close to Georgia. It really wasn't Florida the way people think of Florida. It wasn't south Florida. But you could still easily drive to Panama City Beach and get a little bit of Redneck Riviera if you want that. Get some airbrushed T-shirts on, and you're done. Tony Hale Florida, Some, South I did any of the normal things any redneck kid did. Anderson East Kid, Normal, Normal Things The grand irony, however, is that Southern segregation was not brought to an end, nor redneck violence dramatically reduced, by violence. Stanley Crouch Southern, However, Nor We live in the country. I'm a redneck. No, ha-ha. I live in L.A. County, but more in the hills. Not in the fancy kind! Trust me; whatever you do you do not want to come to my neighborhood! Atticus Shaffer Trust, Country, Fancy My daughter is a redneck woman, she's a redneck girl. Gretchen Wilson Girl, Woman, She I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation. Sarah Wayne Callies Thought, About, Occupation I think I may have created a monster with my - I won't say act - but with my redneck pose. Billy Carter Think, Act, I Think. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. Maimonides Education, Give, Feed Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. Henry David Thoreau Sports, Knowing, Lives When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain. Mark Twain Love, Your, Bait Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days. Benjamin Franklin Days, Like, Guests What is a fish without a river? What is a bird without a tree to nest in? What is an Endangered Species Act without any enforcement mechanism to ensure their habitat is protected? It is nothing. Jay Inslee Endangered Species, Ensure Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath. Arnold H. Glasow Teen, Like, Telling The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow. Jim Hightower Courage, Go, Even He who does not love his own language is worse than an animal and smelly fish. Jose Rizal Love, Smelly, His Remember, a dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream. W. C. Fields Remember, Upstream Don't be a fish; be a frog. Swim in the water and jump when you hit ground. Kim Young-ha Frog, Ground, Hit Something I like to do a lot is just sit by water when there's a current and just stare into the water. I don't fish, I don't hunt, I don't scuba, I don't spear, don't boat, don't play basketball or football - I excel at staring into space. I'm really good at that. Iggy Pop Good, Space, Play Being a fish out of water is tough, but that's how you evolve. Kumail Nanjiani Evolve, Being, How Fishing is much more than fish. It is the great occasion when we may return to the fine simplicity of our forefathers. Herbert Hoover Sports, May, Occasion I usually eat six times a day, small meals. For breakfast, an egg and a corn tortilla, salsa and cilantro, and some ham. For snacks, I'll have an apple, some string cheese, a yogurt. For lunch I'll have salad with protein in it and for dinner usually steamed vegetables and chicken or fish. Sprague Grayden Small, Yogurt, Some A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle. Gloria Steinem Woman, Bicycle, Like I like to fish. Fishing is always a way of relaxing. Tom Felton Fishing, Always, Like In Japanese, sushi does not mean raw fish. It means seasoned rice. Guy Fieri Japanese, Does, Means Never forget that only dead fish swim with the stream. Malcolm Muggeridge Stream, Forget, Never It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings. Kurt Cobain Food, Okay, Eat I did go into the Amazonian region of Brazil. They have prehistoric river fish that weigh in at around 600 pounds, which you don't see anywhere else. And foods that cannot be exported or even found in other parts of Brazil. Anthony Bourdain Brazil, Other, Weigh All men are equal before fish. Herbert Hoover Funny, Equal, Before I love the water. Everything about it. Smelling the humidity in the air, seeing the mist rise in the morning, feeling the dew-wet grass on my bare feet. I love watching the fish jump and the geese land. We even have an eagle here that circles every so often. Lori Foster Love, Feet, Here If you are going to wrestle a bear, try to stay away from all fish oil products, you know. I mean it's tough for me, because I love to rub myself with salmon oil every day - it's a great conditioner for the hair, skin. Will Ferrell Love, Every Day, Away A few years ago, the city council of Monza, Italy, barred pet owners from keeping goldfish in curved bowls... saying that it is cruel to keep a fish in a bowl with curved sides because, gazing out, the fish would have a distorted view of reality. But how do we know we have the true, undistorted picture of reality? Stephen Hawking City, Bowls, Owners No human being, however great, or powerful, was ever so free as a fish. John Ruskin Human Being, However, Ever Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning. Jim Woodring Dreams, Back, Observe My mother early on taught us to respect all animals, and I mean all animals - not just cats and dogs but rats and snakes and spiders and fish and wildlife, so I really grew up believing they are just like us and just as deserving of consideration. Joanna Lumley Mother, Believing, Snakes Dead fish don't swim around in jealous tides. Scott Weiland Jealous, Dead, Around The ocean is the lifeblood of our world. If we were to lose our fish that we appreciate so much by overfishing; or if we were to lose some of our favorite beaches to overbuilding and pollution, then how would we feel? It's become a case of not knowing what you've got until it's gone. Aaron Peirsol Feel, Pollution, Some An Asian way of eating and living may help prevent and even reverse the progression of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, prostate cancer and breast cancer. Incorporate more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, soy products and fish in your diet. Eat at home more with your family and friends. Dean Ornish Your, Whole, Progression Never be a food snob. Learn from everyone you meet - the fish guy at your market, the lady at the local diner, farmers, cheese makers. Ask questions, try everything and eat up! Rachael Ray Learn, Everyone, Diner Don't eat shrimp - it's one of the most unsustainable fish. For every pound that's caught, 10 or 20 pounds of other stuff is killed and dumped back overboard. It's the number one killer of juvenile sea turtles in Mexico. Two good sustainable seafood guides that I'd recommend are from the Monterey Bay Aquarium and the Blue Ocean Institute. Philippe Cousteau, Jr. Shrimp, Other, Caught I knew more about produce from the sea than any of my schoolmates, and my reports in school, from kindergarten on, amused and shocked my classmates and teachers. I told them how we ate with chopsticks, had rice and seaweed for breakfast, raw fish, octopus, and sea urchin eggs for supper, and cakes made from sharks. Eugenie Clark Kindergarten, About, Reports Someone may offer you a freshly caught whole large fish, like a salmon or striped bass. Don't panic - take it! Julia Child May, Caught, Striped Luck affects everything. Let your hook always be cast; in the stream where you least expect it there will be a fish. Ovid Luck, Chance, Always I cook a great fish, a great salmon. I grill it, get the skin nice and crispy. Bill Rancic Cook, Salmon, Get I want everybody to go jump in the ocean to see for themselves how beautiful it is, how important it is to get acquainted with fish swimming in the ocean, rather than just swimming with lemon slices and butter. Sylvia Earle Rather, Everybody, Butter Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around. Sylvia Earle Environmental, Some, Big Fishermen own the fish they catch, but they do not own the ocean. Etienne Schneider Ocean, Own, Fishermen We are being choked to death by the amount of plastic that we throw away. It's killing our oceans. It's entering into our bodies in the fish we eat. Kevin Bacon Death, Away, Amount Fishing is boring, unless you catch an actual fish, and then it is disgusting. Dave Barry Boring, Unless, Actual On its 2015 list, the Fish and Wildlife Service included the 'ea, or hawksbill turtle, as well as the green turtle, Ridley sea turtle, leatherback turtle and loggerhead turtle. Four mammals are considered endangered: the Hawaiian hoary bat; the kohola, or humpback whale; the sperm whale; and the endemic Hawaiian monk seal. Susanna Moore Endangered, Seal, Considered Human evolution, at first, seems extraordinary. How could the process that gave rise to slugs and oak trees and fish produce a creature that can fly to the moon and invent the Internet and cross the ocean in boats? Steven Pinker Trees, Oak, How A sushi chef has to spot the best-quality fresh fish instantly. Nobu Matsuhisa Chef, Spot, Instantly After a solid day of fishing, I'm craving something hearty. That's where a jug of buttermilk comes in. Poaching fish in buttermilk yields the luscious texture and pure flavor, but with a more substantial richness and a poaching liquid you'll want to lap up with a spoon. Jonathan Miles Pure, Spoon, Hearty Chance is always powerful. Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be fish. Ovid Chance, Always, Will I don't drink milk, and I don't eat bread, pasta or rice. But I eat a lot of meat, chicken, fish and salads. Mikhail Baryshnikov Bread, Milk, Chicken If we wipe out the fish, the oceans are going to die. If the oceans die, we die. We can't live on this planet with a dead ocean. Paul Watson Die, Planet, Going Governing a great nation is like cooking a small fish - too much handling will spoil it. Lao Tzu Small, Government, Nation Morocco is such a beautiful place. It's incredibly beautiful. And also it is captivating place because for a writer, you feel that you make impact. I mean, when I write something in the press, the day after in the fish market, people will be discussing it. Fatema Mernissi Beautiful Place, I Write There's a great metaphor that one of my doctors uses: If a fish is swimming in a dirty tank and it gets sick, do you take it to the vet and amputate the fin? No, you clean the water. So, I cleaned up my system. By eating organic raw greens, nuts and healthy fats, I am flooding my body with enzymes, vitamins and oxygen. Kris Carr Swimming, Body, Sick The reason that fish form schools, birds form flocks, and bees form swarms is that they are smarter together than they would be apart. They don't take a vote; they don't take a poll: they form a system. They are all interactive and make a decision together in real time. Louis B. Rosenberg Reason, Real Time, Poll People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human; they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something. Soren Kierkegaard Mountains, Birds, Existence I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge? Douglas Adams Rain, Think, I Think I do hunt, and I do fish, and I don't apologize to anybody for hunting and fishing. Norman Schwarzkopf Fishing, Hunt, Anybody Every unwanted animal ends up on my farm: alpacas and horses and dogs and cats and chickens and ducks and parrots and fish and guinea pigs. Salma Hayek Ducks, Guinea Pigs, Guinea I always have breakfast, say, scrambled egg whites, a vegetable smoothie, or whole-grain cereal with low-fat milk. For lunch and dinner, I eat a lot of fish and vegetables. And throughout the day, I try to stay hydrated. Beyonce Knowles Lunch, Egg, Always Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be fish. Ovid Always, Expect, Cast What's the two things they tell you are healthiest to eat? Chicken and fish. You know what you should do? Combine them, eat a penguin. Dave Attell Diet, Chicken, Tell I can't think of anything I regret. Everything I've done, I've enjoyed doing. I've had five husbands, four children. I've done it all, but mainly I've enjoyed studying fish and being underwater with them, being in their natural habitat, looking at the fish and the fish looking at me. Eugenie Clark Doing, Regret, Habitat I just love mermaids. I was a mermaid in my past life. I just feel it when I go in the sea. I just feel a connection there between me, and the water, and the fish - they speak to me - and the shells - they ring out to me. Ella Henderson Love, Shells, Ring I swim like a fish and I have an amazing kick. Gordon Ramsay Fitness, Amazing, Kick I have a pet lizard named Puff, five goldfish - named Pinky, Brain, Jowels, Pearl and Sandy, an oscar fish named Chef, two pacus, an albino African frog named Whitey, a bonsai tree, four Venus flytraps, a fruit fly farm and sea monkeys. Chris Pratt Fruit, Two, Named Wherever the fish are, that's where we go. Richard Wagner Wherever, Where, Go There is nothing so beautiful as the free forest. To catch a fish when you are hungry, cut the boughs of a tree, make a fire to roast it, and eat it in the open air, is the greatest of all luxuries. I would not stay a week pent up in cities if it were not for my passion for art. Edmonia Lewis Week, Forest, Cut No good fish goes anywhere without a porpoise. Lewis Carroll Good, Goes, Anywhere If you want to catch more fish, use more hooks. George Allen, Sr. More, Want, Use The fishing is a great relief for me. When I'm out there's no cell phone ringing. I'm out there fishing with bears. I'm in the middle of God's country catching tons of fish. I just absolutely love it. Rick Barry Love, Country, Catching I love all animals. I have a fascination with fish, birds, whales - sentient life - insects, reptiles. Nicolas Cage Love, Birds, Reptiles With sushi, it is all about balance. Sometimes they cut the fish too thick, sometimes too thin. Often the rice is overcooked or undercooked. Not enough rice vinegar or too much. Nobu Matsuhisa Sometimes, Vinegar, Cut A fishnet is made up of a lot more holes than strings, but you can't therefore argue that the net doesn't exist. Just ask the fish. Jeffrey Kluger More, Made, Fishnet I used to think that eating healthy was ordering a fish sandwich at McDonalds. John Mellencamp Healthy, Think, Ordering I'm a very, very healthy eater. I eat lots of fish, lots of vegetables, lots of fruit. I don't eat junk food. Victoria Beckham Fruit, Vegetables, Very I prefer being a small fish in a big pond. Stacy Keibler Small, Pond, Big I like working with fish, so naturally I like seafood. Roy Yamaguchi Seafood, Like, Naturally I love my Force Fins, which are the kind of fins Special Forces use and really are adapted from the fins of fish. They're very efficient. They are so beautiful, a pair is in the Museum of Modern Art. The set I have are ruby red. I call them my ruby flippers. Sylvia Earle Love, Very, Use Man can now fly in the air like a bird, swim under the ocean like a fish, he can burrow into the ground like a mole. Now if only he could walk the earth like a man, this would be paradise. Tommy Douglas Like, Could, Mole You know how fighting fish do it? They blow bubbles and in each one of those bubbles is an egg and they float the egg up to the surface. They keep this whole heavy nest of eggs floating, and they're constantly repairing it. It's as if they live in both elements. Audre Lorde Egg, Whole, Each One I like to catch fish and release them. I probably haven't killed a fish that I've caught in sport fishing for 20 years. No reason to kill it. You know, just take it and release it. Jack Nicklaus Reason, Like, Caught When I write a scientific treatise, I might reach 100 people. When the 'National Geographic' covers a project, it communicates about plants and fish and underwater technology to more than 10 million people. Sylvia Earle Reach, Scientific, I Write If a fish is the movement of water embodied, given shape, then cat is a diagram and pattern of subtle air. Doris Lessing Given, Shape, Pattern For me, food is all about balance. If you eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and an appropriate amount of poultry, fish, and red meat that are sourced from good places, you're doing well. It's important to make sure that the meat you're consuming is hormone-free. Curtis Stone Doing, About, Appropriate It is our art that has an opportunity to leave a footprint in the sand. They don't wrap fish in our work. Hugh Newell Jacobsen Art, Sand, Footprint If you give a person a fish, they'll fish for a day. But if you train a person to fish, they'll fish for a lifetime. Dan Quayle Person, Give, Lifetime The immediacy of the technology of the web allows us, as songwriters, to write something very sharp and quick. That has a lot to do with helping a songwriter be more reflective of reality, instead of being in an area where you have to process things. It's the difference between processing fish and catching it in a boat. Chuck D Quick, Helping, Very What I like about Calcutta is the food. I like simple Bengali food like dal, shukto, fish, and mutton. Barun Sobti About, Like, Mutton Memory is a net: one finds it full of fish when he takes it from the brook, but a dozen miles of water have run through it without sticking. Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. Memory, Through, Brook Sentences are like just caught fish. Spunky today, stinky tomorrow. Max Lucado Like, Caught, Stinky Age focuses you. You are much better concentrated. There's more time when you travel less, don't do book tours, avoid interviews or public appearances. You walk the dogs, fish, hunt, cook and write. Jim Harrison Book, Interviews, Tours The concept of 'peak oil' has penetrated the hearts and minds of people concerned about energy for the future. 'Peak fish' occurred around the end of the 1980s. Sylvia Earle Concerned, Occurred, Concept I make a mean tuna fish sandwich. Ryan Gosling Sandwich, Mean, Tuna Well, it seems all the fish in the rivers are dying. Could this be an act of cod? Colin Mochrie Dying, Rivers, Act The House Rules Committee is perhaps the free world's outstanding bureaucratic abomination - a tiny, airless closet deep in the labyrinth of the Capitol where some of the very meanest people on earth spend their days cleaning democracy like a fish. Matt Taibbi Deep, Some, Very People set newspapers on fire; they use them for wrapping fish. The Internet does not have that property. What I don't think we've gotten is that you can make things last longer than in print. Ezra Klein Think, Set, Gotten As long as I can remember, I had a strong interest in fishing, and my parents, even though they had never fished or camped, took us on canoe camping trips in the wilderness of Quetico Provincial Park in Ontario, Canada, where I could fish to my heart's content. Henry Paulson Strong, Camping, Canoe I left Sudan when I was 25 or 26 years old. If I had stayed, I would never have ended up being an entrepreneur. You can have the qualities, but if you don't have the environment, you just wither away. It's like a fish: take it out of water, it will not survive. Mo Ibrahim Years, Away, Had Although Shanghai is on the sea, it long lacked the prosperity that Hong Kong enjoyed, so while Hong Kong became known for its exotic ocean creatures, Shanghai built its diet around more commonplace river and sea fish. Evan Osnos Creatures, Built, Became I love lean meats like chicken, turkey. I'm obsessed with sushi and fish in general. I eat a lot of veggies and hummus. Shawn Johnson Love, Chicken, Obsessed I definitely love beaches. I love to surf. I love to fish, and I'm always in need of a suntan. Dustin Lynch Love, Beaches, Surf The shark is the apex predator in the sea. Sharks have molded evolution for 450 million years. All fish species that are prey to the sharks have had their behavior, their speed, their camouflage, their defense mechanisms molded by the shark. Paul Watson Shark, Prey, Predator Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish. Do not overdo it. Lao Tzu Small, Govern, Would The old adage about giving a man a fish versus teaching him how to fish has been updated by a reader: Give a man a fish and he will ask for tartar sauce and French fries! Moreover, some politician who wants his vote will declare all these things to be among his 'basic rights.' Thomas Sowell Some, Been, Declare I lead a simple life. I feed the fish. I walk the dogs. I cook dinner. Occasionally I take a meeting. Macaulay Culkin Simple, Simple Life, Cook Underwater, I experience space with my body. I'll see a school of fish gathering and moving together and I'll exclaim, 'This is architecture.' Antoine Predock Experience, Body, Gathering A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats. Benjamin Franklin Cats, Lawyers, Like Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish. Steven Wright Other, Using, Caught I may be only a fish and chip shop lady, but some of these economists need to get their heads out of the textbooks and get a job in the real world. I would not even let one of them handle my grocery shopping. Pauline Hanson Some, Shop, The Real World You know when they have a fishing show on TV? They catch the fish and then let it go. They don't want to eat the fish, they just want to make it late for something. Mitch Hedberg Fishing, Want, TV I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it. Unknown Funny, Never, Things Saturday night is your big night. Everybody used to fry up fish and have one hell of a time. Find me playing till sunrise for 50 cents and a sandwich. And be glad of it. And they really liked the low-down blues. Muddy Waters Saturday, Everybody, Big The sea hath fish for every man. William Camden Man, Dating, Every Man The guerrilla must move amongst the people as a fish swims in the sea. Mao Zedong Move, Amongst, Guerrilla I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. Blake Shelton Love, Truck, Deer We are the poorest and weakest state in the world, occupying the lowest position in international affairs; the rest of mankind is the carving knife and the serving dish, while we are the fish and the meat. Sun Yat-sen Rest, Mankind, Occupying It is to be observed that 'angling' is the name given to fishing by people who can't fish. Stephen Leacock Funny, Fishing, Given It has always been my private conviction that any man who puts his intelligence up against a fish and loses had it coming. John Steinbeck Always, Private, Been I'm a big fish eater. Salmon - I love salmon. My sister loves Chinese food and sushi and all that. I'm not as big of a fan, but she likes it so we eat it a lot. So I'm beginning to like it more. I don't like the raw sushi. I liked the cooked crab and lobster and everything. Elle Fanning Love, Beginning, Big You put a car on the road which may be driving by the letter of the law, but compared to the surrounding road users, it's acting very conservatively. This can lead to situations where the autonomous car is a bit of a fish out of water. Karl Iagnemma Very, Autonomous, Bit When I was a child, my father used to take me for walks, often along a river or by the sea. We would pass people fishing, perhaps reeling in their lines with struggling fish hooked at the end of them. Once I saw a man take a small fish out of a bucket and impale it, still wriggling, on an empty hook to use as bait. Peter Singer Small, Bait, Use If you allow for a purely capitalistic society, without any type of regulation at all, you will get one monopoly that will eat all of the smaller fish and own everything, and then you'll have zero capitalism, zero competition - it would just be one giant company. Serj Tankian Allow, Purely, Smaller When you see a fish you don't think of its scales, do you? You think of its speed, its floating, flashing body seen through the water... If I made fins and eyes and scales, I would arrest its movement, give a pattern or shape of reality. I want just the flash of its spirit. Constantin Brancusi Through, Pattern, Arrest I just learned how to scuba dive. I'd been scared to rely on one little air hose for oxygen, but swimming with all those fish is exhilarating. Cheryl Hines Learned, Exhilarating, Been Ariel may look a lot like Barbie, and her adventure may be limited to romance and over with the wedding bells, but unlike, say, Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty, she's active, brave and determined, the heroine of her own life. She even rescues the prince. And that makes her a rare fish, indeed, in the world of preschool culture. Katha Pollitt Beauty, Romance, Bells He didn't come out of my belly, but my God, I've made his bones, because I've attended to every meal, and how he sleeps, and the fact that he swims like a fish because I took him to the ocean. I'm so proud of all those things. But he is my biggest pride. John Lennon Him, Fact, Belly I can stand in a crystal stream without another human around me and cast all day long, and if I never catch a single fish, I can come home and still feel like I had a wonderful time. It's the being there that's important. Norman Schwarzkopf Feel, Crystal, Another Every fish fertilizes the water in a way that generates the plankton that ultimately leads back into the food chain, but also yields oxygen, grabs carbon - it's a part of what makes the ocean function and what makes the planet function. Sylvia Earle Back, Carbon, Part Even that was all consumed after two days, and the patients had to try to choke down fresh fish, just boiled in water, without salt, pepper or butter; mutton, beef, and potatoes without the faintest seasoning. Nellie Bly Pepper, Consumed, Seasoning A city is where you can sign a petition, boo the chief justice, fish off a pier, gaze at a hippopotamus, buy a flower at the corner, or get a good hamburger or a bad girl at 4 A.M. A city is where sirens make white streaks of sound in the sky and foghorns speak in dark grays. San Francisco is such a city. Herb Caen Bad, Francisco, Boo Our fish, our recreation, our irrigation and all our uses of the Missouri River are threatened if the drought continues and the Corps of Engineers decisions aren't changed. Mike Rounds Engineers, Recreation, Our You can't go wrong with fish and chips. Michael Sandel You, Chips, Go To be able to serve and to eat a whole fish, especially a trout, is part of civilized dining. This applies particularly to the young, who should take to it as soon as they can handle knife and fork; this is a fine way for them to begin taking pride in themselves and their abilities. Julia Child Young, Civilized, Part A fish may love a bird, but where would they live? Drew Barrymore Love, May, Would I don't care what color the parents are. I don't care if it's a giraffe and a fish living together. If they're raising children who believe they're honored and loved, that's all that's important. Patricia Polacco Color, Living, Raising We went to a small lake, Bass Lake. It was beautiful. It was perfectly still when we got there in the morning. The fog was lifting off the water. It was just magical. And we did catch some fish, 13 fish. Jennifer Granholm Small, Some, Still Would the fish have ever been caught if it had kept its mouth shut? Ashwin Sanghi Shut, Ever, Caught You can do anything with beer that you can do with wine. Beer is great for basting or marinating meat and fish. Grant Wood Great, You, Meat Do not tell fish stories where the people know you; but particularly, don't tell them where they know the fish. Mark Twain Tell, Stories, Particularly I remember at one point being in fellowship, and everyone used to wear the fish symbol; it said you were a Christian. So I asked my father, 'Dad, why don't you wear that at work?' And he said, 'Your religion should be in your actions.' He set a great, great example. Hugh Jackman Symbol, I Remember, Dad The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle. Dean Kamen City, Bicycle, Needs Do not despise the fish because they are absolutely unable to speak or to reason, but fear lest you may be even more unreasonable than they by resisting the command of the Creator. Listen to the fish, who through their actions all but utter this word: 'We set out on this long journey for the perpetuation of our species.' Saint Basil Reason, Through, Utter I'm surrounded by the beach, so I love to fish and to dive and to swim. I walk a lot, and I bike around. I hang out at the beach, really, and muck around. Lorde Love, Surrounded, Hang My favorite way to cook trout is whole, bone-in, on the grill. The fish are stuffed with sliced lemons and herb sprigs, brushed with oil, and cooked over fairly hot coals until the skin is crisp and the flesh is moist and flaky. Go ahead and gild the lily by adding a sauce. Tom Douglas Skin, Ahead, Trout Squirrel Girl is basically a Silver Age character in the modern age, and that makes her a fish out of water in a lot of ways. She likes being a superhero. She likes fighting crime. She doesn't sit around brooding in the darkness of her Squirrel Hole trying to figure out new ways to make crime pay. Ryan North Superhero, Brooding, Around The flute was an alternative to being a small fish in an increasingly bigger pool filled with a number of great guitar players. Ian Anderson Small, Bigger, Increasingly No one can pretend to say that a fish is ever killed by heat, for many kinds of fish, in the middle of summer, and in the burning heat of the sun, do either play, as it were, on the surface of the water, or hide themselves under the leaves, weeds, or other substances at the bottom. Antonie van Leeuwenhoek Play, Heat, Other My best friend and I love to make fish faces. Beverley Mitchell Love, Friend, I Love A great lie is like a great fish on dry land; it may fret and fling and make a frightful bother, but it cannot hurt you. You have only to keep still, and it will die of itself. George Crabbe Die, Bother, Still When you're out in the military situation, you can't take pictures at night because flashlights. So at night and in bad weather and in dark weather, the cameras went into the fish tackling box, which was waterproof, and I would just use my mind and try to keep quotes there and write down little stories. Horst Faas Bad, Use, Tackling When I'm doing a movie, I eat the same thing every day. For lunch, it's tuna salad or chicken salad and cole slaw. That's it. For dinner it's either veal and rice, fish and rice or steak and rice. It gets boring; boy, does it get boring. Sylvester Stallone Lunch, Doing, Tuna I can really fish - I've been fishing since I was a kid. Deion Sanders Fishing, Kid, Been You've got to think lucky. If you fall into a mudhole, check your back pocket - you might have caught a fish. Darrell Royal Lucky, Saint Patrick's Day Most of the things at the zoo don't look like us. We're one design that works. Our chimp pals sort of look like us, so that's a different take on the same basic design. But fish don't look like us, and giraffes don't. They look a little like us, but not too much. And insects certainly don't look like us, and they work just fine. Seth Shostak Works, Our, Pals Is this chicken, what I have, or is this fish? I know it's tuna, but it says 'Chicken of the Sea.' Jessica Simpson Know, Chicken, Tuna I grill all the time - burgers, ribs, chicken, steak, and fish. Michael Strahan Time, Chicken, Steak My wife wants me to eat fish; she says it is delicious. But I don't like fish, so that is that. Mahendra Singh Dhoni Wife, Delicious, Like I am a believer in nutrient timing and supplementation, through 8Zone. I love eggs, apples, wild fish, leafy greens, brown rice, pasta, oatmeal, home grown Washington Potatoes, and cooking with coconut and olive oils. Apolo Ohno Love, Through, Potatoes Well, I motorcycle, I hunt, fish, I do all that. I keep busy. I'm never bored. I've never been bored. Larry Hagman Motorcycle, Hunt, Been I was a handful as a kid. I get bored easily. Now I'm pretty chill compared to back then. When I'm on the road, I watch Netflix and, at home, relax or fish. Brittany Howard Relax, Pretty, Handful The Cruise missiles do not frighten anyone. We are catching them like fish in a river. I mean here that over the past two days, we managed to shoot down 196 missiles before they hit their target. Mohammed Saeed al-Sahaf Two, Here, Before I was the youngest of four kids, and Dad, who had a garden centre before he retired, came from a large Lancashire family. Every one of my uncles had their own business, including a post office, two fish and chip shops and a painting and decorating business. Rick Astley Own, Before, Dad Instead of giving people fish, teach them how to use hooks. Stef Wertheimer Teach, Use, How As far as protecting yourself against Alzheimer's disease, well, it turns out that fish oil has the effect of reducing your risk for Alzheimer's disease. You should also keep your blood pressure down, because chronic high blood pressure is the biggest single risk factor for Alzheimer's disease. Gregory Petsko Down, Against, Your I've always wanted to be able to hold my breath for like, ever, and swim in the water like a fish. Carlos Pena, Jr. Always, Breath, Ever We all know what flopping is when we see it. The stuff that you see is where guys aren't really getting hit at all and are just flailing around like a fish out of water. Kobe Bryant Water, Like, Around For dinner parties, I love making an easy cioppino using shrimp, mussels, clams, and a hearty fish that won't fall apart easily. Meghan Markle Love, Making, Using Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature. She had as leave give her kiss to an absurdity any day, as to syllogistic truth. The absurdity may turn out truer. D. H. Lawrence Reason, May, Give I'm a science guy. I'm a geek. I love geology and botany and marine science. I thought maybe I'd be a professional guide, or maybe even a park ranger, working for the Department of Fish and Game. Paul Walker Love, Game, Thought I love to cook comfort food. I'll make fish and vegetables or meat and vegetables and potatoes or rice. The ritual of it is fun for me, and the creativity of it. Reese Witherspoon Love, Ritual, Potatoes When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours. Peter Singer Pain, Hours, Other People still do not understand that a live fish is more valuable than a dead one, and that destructive fishing techniques are taking a wrecking ball to biodiversity. Sylvia Earle More, Biodiversity, Still I'm never sure one is exactly ready. You jump in, with both feet, into a very big fish pond. Julie Andrews Feet, Very, Big A well-designed home has to be very comfortable. I can't stand the aesthetes, the minimal thing. I can't live that way. My home has to be filled with stuff - mostly paintings, sculpture, my fish lamps, cardboard furniture, lots of books. Frank Gehry Very, Lamps, Mostly I have a lot of plants and fish and a pet lizard and Venus flytraps. I have a whole ecosystem in my room, like a running waterfall and different lights and sensors set on digital timers. Chris Pratt Digital, Ecosystem, Set My husband is the cook at our house. I can make dessert and salad, but I stay away from meals. He makes amazing omelets, fish, and grilled vegetables like Brussels sprouts and cauliflower. Dylan Lauren Salad, Away, Cauliflower I always loved fish for the colors and birds for the plumage. In the same way, I loved those women of the cabaret. They were birds of paradise. Christian Louboutin Birds, Always, Cabaret Don't forget to eat a lot of greens and fish oil pills. Those are two of the best things to keep your skin glowing. Irina Shayk Skin, Greens, Pills I like fish, and I also like bear's paws. If I cannot have the two together, I will let the fish go, and take the bear's paws. So, I like life, and I also like righteousness. If I cannot keep the two together, I will let life go, and choose righteousness. Mencius Will, Like, Go The day-to-day microaggressions that we all face, yeah, you have to let some stuff slide, or you go, 'I gotta keep moving; there's bigger fish to fry.' It's something that I still deal with. But I've tried to have the audacity of equality and to follow my heart in those moments where I feel like something is wrong. Hasan Minhaj Feel, Some, Deal Sour Patch, Swedish Fish. I love candy, man. I can't go without candy. And when I'm recording, I always have a TV on with cartoons - on mute, though. When I'm recording, I like to look at the TV now and then and see some crazy, wacky stuff. When you're thinking creative, it just keeps you creative. Everybody got their way of making music. Tyga Love, Some, TV What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird? Pedro Calderon de la Barca Nature, Gift, Reason I'm not romantic; I'm very practical. There are lots of fish in the sea; so whoever gets struck with your rod, one is as good as another. Twinkle Khanna Very, Practical, Rod Light doesn't penetrate beneath the surface of the water, so ocean creatures like whales and dolphins and even 800 species of fish communicate by sound. And a North Atlantic right whale can transmit across hundreds of miles. Rose George Sound, Communicate, North As a rough rule of thumb, I would say the smaller the pond, the more belligerent the fish. Craig Brown Pond, Rough, Smaller I, as prime minister, never went to Washington. Certainly never went to a presidential ranch. I hate to say this, but I wasn't going to be the pilot fish to the shark, whereas Australia quite happily bobbed along like a happy little pilot fish with a shark who was a messy eater, and I just couldn't feel like that. David Lange Happy, Feel, Along We found letters at the house we bought from a sailor to his wife who lived in the house. He went down to the Caribbean on this trader vessel, bringing down salted fish. There would be handwritten letters, but also telegrams, saying which ports he was in. And he'd be gone for three months. That was just the way it is. Michael Winter Down, House, Ports It is plainly evident that, in a country where land was to be had for the asking, fuel for the cutting, corn for the planting and harvesting, and game and fish for the least expenditure of labor, no man would long serve for another, and any system of reliable service indoors or afield must fail. Alice Morse Earle Game, Country, Expenditure This island is made mainly of coal and surrounded by fish. Only an organizing genius could produce a shortage of coal and fish at the same time. Aneurin Bevan Island, Made, Surrounded Seventy percent of the fish we eat is black market, fished in violation of international laws. Our ignorance makes us unwilling partners in crime. Rogue economics is turning the global market into our worst nightmare. Loretta Napoleoni Global Market, Unwilling Octopus can fish for prey while deciding what color and pattern to turn, what shape to make their bodies, be on alert for predators and aware how far away their dens are. Sy Montgomery Prey, Away, Predators I may be smelly and I may be old, Rough in my pebbles, reedy in my pools, But where my fish float by I bless their swimming, And I like the people to bathe in me especially women. Stevie Smith Rough, Smelly, Bathe China is responsible for a lot of the major conservation issues we're facing. It's the main market for rhino horn. Tigers are being killed for tiger bone wine. They're driving the tropical timber trade and illegal logging in Indonesia, and the trade in tropical reef fish. Mark Carwardine Facing, Main, Issues The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. Dave Barry Trust, Food, Seafood They say the good Lord doesn't charge you for the days you hunt and fish, and I believe that. Norman Schwarzkopf Lord, Hunt, Charge I learned the first night that IHOP's not the place to order fish. Larry David Night, Place, Learned At times, I've referred to Christ's miracles, and have said, 'Well, Christ multiplied the fish and the loaves to feed the people. That is precisely what we want to do with the Revolution and socialism.' Fidel Castro Socialism, Christ, Want A lot of people who like sushi don't really like raw fish or seaweed. Guy Fieri Like, Seaweed, Lot Even I felt sorry for Richard Nixon when he left; there's nothing you can do about being born liberal - fish gotta swim, and hearts gotta bleed. Molly Ivins Gotta, Richard, Nixon Places change over time with or without oil spills, but humans are responsible for the Deepwater Horizon gusher - and humans, as well as the corals, fish and other creatures, are suffering the consequences. Sylvia Earle Over, Creatures, Other What we once used as weapons of war, we now use as weapons against fish. Sylvia Earle Against, Use, Once I love to fish. You can go hours without anything happening, and all of a sudden a big blue marlin comes into the spread and it's cockpit chaos. My dream is to catch a grander, a 1,000 pounder. George Strait Love, Big, Grander I love to fish offshore for billfish, and have fished all over for them from the Bahamas, St. Thomas, Venezuela, Panama, Costa Rica, Mexico to the Texas gulf. I haven't made it to Australia yet, but someday I'm going. George Strait Love, Texas, Costa Rica I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. At some point, I need to recharge. Blake Shelton Love, Deer, Some I ate no butcher's meat, lived chiefly on fruits, vegetables, and fish, and never drank a glass of spirits or wine until my wedding day. To this I attribute my continual good health, endurance, and an iron constitution. John James Audubon Constitution, Butcher My view on issues is based on common sense, and my experience as a mother of four children, as a sole parent, and as a businesswoman running a fish and chip shop. Pauline Hanson Parent, Sole, Based Wrap fish fillets, sliced veggies, and other quick-cooking items inside foil packets with bundles of fresh herbs and throw them directly on the grill; the steam will release the herb's perfume and flavor anything contained inside the pouch. Emeril Lagasse Inside, Other, Release One of the worst things you can do if you're worried about breast cancer is to cook beef, pork, fish or poultry at a high temperature - which includes frying, grilling and roasting. Michael Greger Cook, Which, Poultry Cook ingredients that you are used to cooking by other techniques, such as fish, chicken, or hamburgers. In other words be comfortable with the ingredients you are using. Bobby Flay Chicken, Other, Using I picked ducks in a tub in my dorm room. I'd hang deer in the doorway between the bedroom and the little living room in our little apartment there, and I'd skin my deer, and all the guts would go in the tub, and I'd sneak them out so my fellow students on both sides wouldn't see all that, you know. I'd clean fish up there and all. Phil Robertson Deer, Hang, Tub Every morning when I woke up, my mother was already in the kitchen making breakfast. It was always the same: steamed rice, pickled vegetables, grilled fish and miso soup. Each day there was something different in the soup such as tofu or potatoes. Nobu Matsuhisa Soup, Woke, Potatoes Whenever possible, buy a fish whole. With tuna, this isn't practical; with smaller fish, it is. Nobu Matsuhisa Tuna, Whenever, Smaller Matthew Lowe is one of the great water men that I know. He's a surfer, a great water polo player. I think he's half fish. Rob Lowe Think, I Think, Matthew I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish. Anna Kendrick Steak, Back, Ordered You cannot build a company or manage a life by chasing others; you have to find your success competing against yourself. There will always be a bigger fish. Michael E. Gerber Always, Will, Competing I dreamed: I am the fish whose flesh is eaten, and because I am fat, it is good. Philip K. Dick I Am, Fat, Dreamed The Polynesians used to have a system where they proclaimed a fishing area as 'taboo.' If any fisherman was caught fishing in a taboo area, they would be killed. The Polynesians understand that the fish had to be given a chance to recover. Paul Watson Given, Area, Caught Taiwan gives a lot of foreign aid to Costa Rica, so it looks like they are basically buying the right to fish, even though it's not legal. Paul Watson Costa Rica, Foreign Aid A fish is more valuable swimming in the sea maintaining the integrity of oceanic eco-systems than it is on anyone's plate. Paul Watson Integrity, Swimming, More Bluefin tuna is sort of like the cheetah of the ocean. It's the fastest fish. It's a warm-blooded fish. But it's got a $100,000 price tag on its head. Paul Watson Like, Tuna, Fastest My usual day: a green smoothie for breakfast - if I want to get fancy, it's eggs on arugula - fruit for a snack, a salad with protein for lunch, and fish and quinoa for dinner. Cobie Smulders Lunch, Eggs, Fancy I had very big lips growing up, so my brother started to call me Scooter Fish because he decided a scooter fish has big lips. Scooter Braun Very, Big, Had I'm all about the supplements. I take fish oil every single day, as well as vitamin D, magnesium, B complex, vitamin C. Victoria Justice Single, About, Supplements I like porterhouse steak, rib-eyes and New York strip. This works for me because I have very low cholesterol and low blood pressure. It's not good for everyone; you have to talk to your doctor about that. I also eat fish and cheese. I like clean food prepared as simply as possible. Sharon Stone Steak, Very, Works Salsa verde is delicious with trout or most any fish. Tom Douglas Delicious, Most, Trout Just as it takes time for a speck of fish spawn to develop into a fully grown fish, so, too, we need time for everything that develops and crystallizes in the world of ideas. Architecture demands more of this time than other creative work. Alvar Aalto World, Too, Other Polynesian women are known for their long hair, glowing skin, and thick nails. And that comes from the local diet, which is mostly plant based with a little bit of fish and a lot of natural fats and oils. Nikki Reed Skin, Mostly, Bit People always say 'Etta, you know what your problem is? You're neither fish nor fowl. There is no place to rack you.' When I would go in a record shop, you might find one or two records by me in different stacks. Etta James Records, Shop, One Or Two Fresh seafood reminds me of Hawaii and eating raw ahi fish on the beach with a little soy sauce - instant sashimi. Marie Helvin Hawaii, Seafood, Raw I think humans have to learn a new way of dwelling on this earth. A way of living with their companions: animals, plants and fish. John Burnside Think, New, I Think If you want to be a different fish, jump out of school. Captain Beefheart School, Want, Different Pretty much I love all types of fish; I pretty much stick with that. I love vegetables. I don't eat too much carbs, but I love salads, though. I'll usually have a salad, except for breakfast. Larry Fitzgerald Love, Pretty, Types My dad taught me how to fish. When I am stand in a trout stream now, and I have the waders on, and I've got a fly rod in my hand, or I am fishing for bass, I think of sitting in a boat with my dad. How can that be a bad experience? Matt Lauer Bad, I Think, Dad It comes down to balance when consuming food - I'll eat burgers, pizza, candy, and then I'll balance it out with fruit, salad, fish... and of course I work out. Sara Sampaio Fruit, Candy, Salad Both the United States and the world economy have already reached - and surpassed - their sustainable physical limits. Ground water is being drawn down, soils eroded, forests cut faster than they grow, fish caught faster than they reproduce, non-renewable fossil fuels burnt without developing substitutes. Donella Meadows Cut, Caught, United I always have a cigar when I catch a fish. John Rocha Always, Catch I'm at the beach all the time. I surf. I fish. I dive. These things on Instagram are really my life with my buddies doing my normal day-to-day stuff. I happen to be shirtless a lot. Scott Eastwood My Life, Normal, Surf My sister's fish tacos are out of control. I'd give her a restaurant if I were a gazillionaire. Mary-Louise Parker Control, Restaurant, Give I'm hideously shy as myself, but on stage I can run around naked and bite the heads off fish. Laurie Metcalf Myself, Shy, Run I find my best writing time is actually 6 A.M., before the detritus of the day - the fish fingers and the school uniform and dogs and bills - have had a chance to clog up my brain. I can usually get 500 words done before 7 A.M. But it is difficult, and the Internet, and social networking, are terrible timesucks. Jojo Moyes Best, Before, Had The only reason I ever played golf in the first place was so I could afford to hunt and fish. Sam Snead Reason, Hunt, Could I used to fish the Border rivers, but nowadays you have to queue up for a shot and I can't stand that. Norman MacCaig Rivers, Border, Nowadays That's what 90 percent of the people talk about when they're first exposed to the fish. Mario Lopez Talk, About, Exposed Why not mix this and that? If soy goes well with fish, how come no one does beef carpaccio with soy? Why do we have such a taste and not another? It's all about culture. There is something, however, that I really don't like: bell peppers. Ferran Adria Taste, However, Another I don't always succeed in creating a delicious dinner for my family; I would, however, argue for the likely success of Taco Night. Who doesn't love a taco? Make it with veggie crumbles! Add fish! Have you tried ground buffalo? The results are always impressive. Corin Tucker Love, Tried, However I work out like a maniac, three times more than anything I did in the past. I am off carbs, salt, sweets, and live on a fish diet. And I promise I am not going to indulge in food again. See, when I was 49 years old, I was fine, but the moment I touched 50, I felt that something within me had changed drastically. My metabolic rate dropped. Sanjay Dutt Promise, Carbs, Dropped Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water. Nicholas Negroponte World, Computers, Take Quite honestly, I live in California in the off season. Going off to Green Bay is just like two different walks of life - I hunt, fish, practice with firearms. Back in California, it's spend time at the beach, go to the movies. Clay Matthews III Practice, Back, Two People in third-world countries are less eager to see movies full of angst over existential problems, and who can blame them. They've got other fish to fry. They'd rather see a few great dance routines and the guy end up with the girl. Alison Owen Other, Rather, Eager Dinosaurs are the jumper cables to the human mind. Kids can't curb their enthusiasm when they're in a hall of dinosaurs and mammoths and mammoth hunters and trilobites and giant fish that could chomp up a shark. These natural objects in motion and context make kids want to read; you can't stop them from reading and thinking. Robert T. Bakker Objects, Hunters, Hall Think of the sushi trend that started in the '80s. It was as much about the Nintendo entertainment system in your living room as it was about the availability of good-quality raw fish. The Japanese food trend rose as the world of Japanese business and culture was becoming a bigger part of American life. David Sax Trend, Becoming, Nintendo The fast fish, not the big fish, eats the small fish. Ali Babacan Small, Fast, Big Yeah, some kids called me fish lips because I had these really full lips. Now I'm sure all those same girls are getting collagen injections, so I'm having the last laugh. Denise Richards Some, Had, Yeah I had 13 weeks off and I would pack up the family and drive to some mountain retreat where we could be together and fish all day. I loved it. I needed it. Perry Como Some, Could, Weeks In the Java Sea in Indonesia, I have seen fishers going out in the morning, six of them going out and coming back with five pounds of fish. That is the end point, a pound of fish per person per day to sell for rice. That's where fisheries go if you let it happen. That's where it stabilizes. These people cannot feed their families. Daniel Pauly Sea, Back, Seen It was really weird when I heard my voice coming out of a fish. Alexander Gould Weird, Voice, Really No one does a better, cleaner, or environmental friendlier, than the United States, when it comes to drilling for oil, gas, coal, oil refineries and fish friendly hydroelectric. David Pratt United States, United I decided to build a studio in my house. We built it in my basement kitchen. I had the drummer up by the fish tank. I was in the toilet singing. The bass player was out by the shelves in the living room, and the guitarist was on the couch by the telly. Eddi Reader Couch, Basement, Studio I was vegetarian for a long time, and in the last four years I started eating chicken and fish. I feel like it really built up my strength a lot. Laura Wilkinson Strength, Chicken, Last If you believe in your heart that you are right, you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time. Linda Ellerbee Believe, Dead, Might Dinner for me is usually some version of chicken or fish - I love salmon - with grilled vegetables and salad. Parker Young Love, Chicken, Some I'm obsessed with vinyasa flow yoga and Pilates. And since I live in Sweden, and we have good seafood, I tend to cook a lot of fish, preferably with oven-roasted veggies and a cauliflower mash. Frida Gustavsson Cook, Seafood, Cauliflower Colombia is not how people think it is. We used to eat fish every Sunday at the beach. In the town where I grew up, people did not tell lies. Shakira Think, Tell, Town I don't eat much meat, fish, or poultry. Carol Burnett Meat, Eat, Poultry I'm going to gut you like a fish. Mike Tyson Going, Like, Gut Let a man get up and say, Behold, this is the truth, and instantly I perceive a sandy cat filching a piece of fish in the background. Look, you have forgotten the cat, I say. Virginia Woolf Look, Say, Instantly Fish is the only kind of respirating thing that I consume. Everything else I don't want any part of. Henry Rollins Kind, Want, Part Agriculture is a business that has been up to its bib overalls in politics since the first Thanksgiving dinner kickback to the Indians for subsidizing Pilgrim maize production with fish head fertilizer grants. P. J. O'Rourke Politics, Grants, Been I don't eat fish and chicken and all that. But I will have some eggs. So I'm not technically a vegan. But I eat pretty sensibly, and before a tour, I will usually work out a lot. I'll get a trainer, or I have a guy I've known a long time. Tom Petty Chicken, Some, Before Writing is reporting what we saw after the vision has left us. It is catching the fish which the tide has left far up on our shores in the low and depressed places. John Burroughs Tide, Which, Catching If all I did was pretend I was Wilderness Jimmy, I would go stale. You know, I fish maybe 100 days of the year and bird-hunt, but if I didn't go to Paris once or twice a year, I'd be crazy. Jim Harrison Year, Go, Maybe How is it macho that I like to hunt and fish? I've been doing it since I was four. Jim Harrison Hunt, How, Been Fish are a renewable resource, and one of the problems we've had is people feel obliged to catch the limit, then throw 'em in the garbage can. Norman Schwarzkopf Feel, Resource, Obliged When I fish, I stop thinking about anything else. But truth be told, if you want to declare victories, I can tell you the fish have won a lot more than I have. It's interesting that something with a brain the size of a fish's can outsmart us humans, who think we are el supremo. Norman Schwarzkopf Victories, Tell, Declare I've never really wanted to go to Japan. Simply because I don't like eating fish. Britney Spears Like, Go, Japan People are very phobic about fish. And if they do cook fish, they fry it, which kills all the flavor. Guy Fieri Cook, Very, Which I'm a passionate, hardcore fisherman. Biggest fish I caught? A 200-pound tarpon. Dwayne Johnson Passionate, Caught, Biggest I record my radio show, and my staff makes me a nice lunch in the kitchen, usually fish - whatever's freshest and line-caught - and a salad. I drink water and herbal tea, a blend of catnip, elderberry, and horehound. Martha Stewart Lunch, Salad, Blend I don't watch much telly, the telly hardly goes on, but the things I do watch are sort of nature programs, and something about the oceans and the amount of weird fish that's in there. Karl Pilkington Nature, Goes, Amount I love nature - it's probably my most favorite thing. I don't watch much telly, the telly hardly goes on, but the things I do watch are sort of nature programs, and something about the oceans and the amount of weird fish that's in there. Karl Pilkington Love, About, I Love There is no humane slaughter requirement for wild fish caught and killed at sea, nor, in most places, for farmed fish. Peter Singer Most, Nor, Caught We need to learn how to capture and kill wild fish humanely - or, if that is not possible, to find less cruel and more sustainable alternatives to eating them. Peter Singer Learn, Need, Cruel If your concentration is getting bad, take up bass fishing. It will really improve your ability to focus. If you aren't ready when that fish hits, you can't set the hook. Lee Trevino Bad, Will, Set I actually love diving at night; you see a lot of fish then that you don't see in the daytime. Sylvia Earle Love, Actually, Lot I would love to slip into the skin of a fish and know what it's like to be one. They have senses that I can only dream about. They have a lateral line down their whole body that senses motion, but maybe it does more than that. Sylvia Earle Love, Senses, Maybe I have heard endlessly that fish are so resilient that there is no way that you could exterminate a species. We are learning otherwise. Sylvia Earle Could, Otherwise, Endlessly Well, after I had the heart attack, it was a very simple choice. What the doctor told me I did and I did it religiously. I ate nothing but lean turkey breast or chicken breast or a piece of fish that was very lean. I mean I stayed away from everything. Mike Ditka Chicken, Away, Very Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life... I like to be outdoors, I like to hunt, I like to fish, I like to play golf. George Strait Love, Play, Country I had skate wing in London. I had mine grilled with lemon and herbs, and it was the perfect seasoning for that fish. Venus Williams Mine, Lemon, Seasoning I have practice from 9 A.M. to 12 P.M., and then I drive home and eat lunch, which is either chicken or fish so I get the protein. Simone Biles Practice, Lunch, Which If it's a cocktail party, I generally make five or six different things, and I try to choose recipes that feel like a meal: a chicken thing, a fish or shrimp thing, maybe two vegetable things, and I think it's fun to end the cocktail party with a sweet thing. Ina Garten Chicken, Shrimp, I Think I won't sit here and say I've never had a pimple, but I try to have a really great diet, you know, lots of vegetables and fish. And I think stress plays a huge part too. Janelle Monae Here, I Think, Part Fish die belly upward, and rise to the surface. Its their way of falling. Andre Gide Die, Falling, Belly My diet is mostly chicken and fish. I make sure I get a lot of vegetables, a lot of fruit. I am a big fruit man, I am a vegetable man anyway. And I also get a lot of rest. That's the key I may be up early, but I'm in bed early too. Magic Johnson Bed, Big, Mostly One of my favorite films is 'Big Fish,' which I think is a masterpiece. George Clooney Big, Which, Films I eat a lot of fish to stay healthy. Aaron Neville Healthy, Eat, Lot Not having time or energy for weight loss makes no sense. Does it take more time or energy to eat fish than prime rib? No. Martha Beck No Sense, Having, Prime My friend Ed Begley goes fishing. It's a little smelly to me, I don't like it so much. I like to eat fish, but I don't like to catch them. Jeff Goldblum Like, Smelly, Goes I'm not a vegetarian by any means; I eat fish. But the problem with shark finning is they catch the shark, cut their fins and throw them back in the ocean, and to me, that's wrong. If you're going to kill an animal, you should use the entire animal and do it humanely. I'm definitely not a big fan. Bethany Hamilton Cut, Big, Use If I do a role where I have to lose weight, I can do that. I eat meat, fish, vegetables, and I lose it right away. But sometimes I do a role where I have to gain weight, and I can tell you I prefer that. Monica Bellucci Role, Away, Prefer If you're eight and you live in Los Angeles and everybody has toys and you go to a country that has a Marxist dictatorship and there are no toy stores and nobody speaks English and it's blazing hot every day and they only have fish, which you don't like, then you tend not to appreciate the cultural lessons you're learning. Zooey Deschanel Country, Everybody, Blazing It's important for me to eat really healthy because I have such a sweet tooth. I eat fish and vegetables for lunch and dinner, and I work out every day. Dylan Lauren Work, Lunch, Sweet Tooth Red candy is my favorite - I like red string licorice, Swedish Fish, and red gum balls. Dylan Lauren Red, Swedish, String I know when I was little, having my Thai mom, even I was weird about fish sauce and fish heads and clams. I kind of sided with my dad because he was a big American guy. So, we were very meat and potatoes, but I really wish I had grown up appreciating my mom's taste a bit more. Chrissy Teigen Potatoes, Very, Big Fish recognize a bad leader. Conan O'Brien Leader, Bad, Recognize If I were not African, I wonder whether it would be clear to me that Africa is a place where the people do not need limp gifts of fish but sturdy fishing rods and fair access to the pond. I wonder whether I would realize that while African nations have a failure of leadership, they also have dynamic people with agency and voices. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Access, Fair, Pond There are many things to admire about Japan but this is the one thing I love the most and probably the only time I eat breakfast. Fish, eggs, soup, salad, veggies; all in the tiniest bites. It's a full meal, but it's so refreshing. David Chang Love, Salad, Soup I eat fish, three times a week meat, and if not yogurt, something like this and it rarely continues. Karl Lagerfeld Week, Like, Yogurt I respected it. I submerged myself into it. So on a lot of days off I would go and fish with the fishermen and the families that ran the boats. I would go work the fields with farmers. I would go and talk with farmers about growing particular products for me. Emeril Lagasse Farmers, Products, About We'll be going to the fish market and a farmer's market this afternoon to get what we need to make and eat dinner as a family. I'm trying to expose my kids to going to a farmers market or the fish market and learning what that's all about. Emeril Lagasse Need, Going, About You have to be cautious of eating continuously the same thing. Beef comes to mind right away, and there's nothing wrong with beef, but you've got to do whatever you're doing in moderation. So try to break it up a little bit. Eat some fish or some shellfish at least a couple of times a week. Emeril Lagasse Doing, Some, Couple Then, as the day progresses, depending on how the product is coming in - for instance, the fish man will fax us and say black bass is great - throughout the day, we'll also make judgment calls and adapt to what's available. Thomas Keller How, Instance, Available Eating a varied plant-based diet - and avoiding all meat, fish, chicken and dairy products - may have much to recommend it, but it's certainly not for everyone. Michael Greger Chicken, May, Certainly An instant-read thermometer is your best bet for making sure that meat and fish are cooked to the proper temperature. Bobby Flay Making, Sure, Cooked The food replacement category is what it sounds like - companies are substituting plants or food grown in a lab to replace meat, fish, eggs, milk - or, like Soylent, to package nutritionally complete meals into a drink. Steve Blank Package, Eggs, Like I just like to catch fish, I don't care if it weighs half a pound or 10 pounds. But I can't do a lot of casting. I can work a jig or a worm. But not for long, especially if the big ones are biting. Those big bass will make it hurt after a while. Terry Bradshaw Half, Big, Jig I have always felt like a fish in water with football, Fox, speeches, riding horses, and raising cattle. Terry Bradshaw Always, Like, Raising In England, David and I are big fish in a small pond. But in L.A., we are tiny, tiny, tiny fish in a big pond. Victoria Beckham Small, England, Big Most people only use their griddles for pancakes, but you can sear vegetables like sliced zucchini or mushrooms, thinly sliced meats like chicken or pork, or thinly sliced fish or squid. Jose Andres Chicken, Like, Use I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there. Jose Andres Prepare, Some, I Remember Anytime I can sneak in a moment to fish and ride horses, I'm a happy camper. George Foreman Happy, Camper, Anytime I like to fish. I collect pocketknives. I inherited a nice collection from my father and grandfather. Chris Stapleton Father, Like, Inherited If I am making a spice rub or a spice mix for a braise or even just to crust a piece of fish, I'll use mustard seeds. If you soak them in a little bit of vinegar and let them get plumped and soft and then you puree them, they're delicious. Alex Guarnaschelli Spice, Use, Bit I had to work on a Marlin boat, like gutting fish, like as the bait boy. Mark Ruffalo Work, Like, Bait If I don't fish in the morning, I fish in the evening. Deion Sanders Morning, Evening If I've gone to the market on Saturday, and I go another time on Tuesday, then I'm really prepared. I can cook a little piece of fish; I can wilt some greens with garlic; I can slice tomatoes and put a little olive oil on. It's effortless. Alice Waters Saturday, Some, Prepared I like Dover sole. It's always one of my favorites. I like it when I'm in England. I eat it every day almost. I think it's probably one of my favorite fish. Wolfgang Puck Always, Sole, Favorites I love Michel Roux, Jr., and James Martin - the chefs who are experts in their own right, like Rick Stein on fish. But I don't watch them very much because I don't think it's fair for my husband to be in a total food environment all the time! So we watch programmes about gardening more. Mary Berry Love, Very, Stein Have you ever been to Mexico City and haggled with the locals over souvenirs? Well, in Peru, you had to negotiate like that to get the freshest fish at the market. Nobu Matsuhisa Over, Negotiate, Been One day, the people who work in my kitchen stir-fried chopped Napa cabbage to serve with some meat or fish for their own dinner. I got to thinking: 'What if the cabbage was the most important thing on the plate?' Nobu Matsuhisa Own, Some, Cabbage Large fish such as tuna are shown already cut into fillets and bought by the block. Fillets should be almost transparent. Avoid tuna that looks rainbow-colored or black. Nobu Matsuhisa Cut, Large, Tuna Of course the Japanese and Peruvian fish are different, but it's the same Pacific Ocean. They are different, but I know fish. Nobu Matsuhisa Same, Pacific, Pacific Ocean Dashi remains unfamiliar to most French and American cooks, who tend to reach for a bouillon cube to do many of the same things. But dashi is worth preparing and using the way the Japanese do: for poaching fish, as a soup base, and in simmered dishes. Nobu Matsuhisa Reach, Soup, Remains People eat the chicken, people eat the beef, they still say, 'Don't kill the fish.' Nobu Matsuhisa Chicken, Eat, Still When you're playing football, and your enemies are there, you don't have a lot of time to think to yourself. You've got stuff to handle. You've got places to be, meetings to go to, bigger fish to fry. You really don't attack the emotional side of your life. Stefon Diggs Life, Your, Got Fish cakes are perceived as being quite British, and they're always a bit brown and a little dull.